Nowadays many students have a part-time job for their colleges' tuition. So it's going to be a problem because we have to do it especially private school. I think it is important for us however there are many shortages. First, we are student. The most important part to us is study. The chance of part-time job is always around you however the chance of study is not around you. For instance, there is someone who has started studying late. They thought part-time job is more important than study but they realized that study have to do in proper time. Therefore part-time job is not important than study. Second, we cannot concentrate on class. Generally, we usually do part-time job from the evening to the late at night. Therefore we cannot concentrate our class because of sleepiness. For example, I did night delivery service from 10:00pm to 6:00am. It is so hard in the first day, but I adapted to the environmental change so I slept during classes. Therefore part-time job disturb the concentration on class. Consequently, part-time job is become the social problem. Many news castings report it as the social problem. So the Government adopts a wise policy to concentrate study. The problem only can resolve from the Government because it's a hot potato for college students. We have to study for our future and part-time job is not the first.
I agree. The older students know they will and independence. Contemporary college students as tuition fees in contrast to the larger issue are continuing with a big rally. Can experience a variety of good to say that. And free time to work on the other to do so could lose money, money is therefore anxious to assemble a for deny ~ have a little experience in social life could use the ~ Most importantly, you need a part-time job which means we can help... Most of the students and serving as part-time cashier to kill or meaning other than making money is hard to give meaning to try. Own experience of social life, if you think you think we good to within 1-3 months I guess ~ I just want to say I'm their major or future career trying to find things that will help the go. Naturally, studies correlating the work experience and also stacked, happened to come by a decent side income, it will make things difficult. Because you can also find this time to study the trends in the direction I think I can about the guidelines, sir. I know in the future, but I'll write a resume ONE PIC servo simian overage. Headway to certification enough to give 5-line 6. If you have a rich experience to adapt in the future, and may have done well in practice.
I agree that college students have a part time job. Because if college students have part time job, they improve sociality College students experience social life early They improve sociality than students don't have a part time job As a result, the students will get a job, they can adapt more easily Also, college students earn money themselves without their parents help Therefore they will know that money earning is very hard So, they think that money is precious. They easily don't spend money And money worry can reduce to parents. As college students earn money themselves Finally the reason I agree that college students have a part time job is making friends While they work part time job, they meet many people So they can make many friends and they meet various many people, they improve speaking skills Because of speaking skills very important to their life, improving speaking skills is helpful themselves College students have a part time job is many benefits for college students Therefore college students can better to experience part time job Their major related part time job is more effective If college students don't disturb study, they can have a part time job is very good
It's important to work part-time college student, I agree with the comments are. In favor of the motion to be honest, this is a comment about dating, but once do not understand them if Refurbished And now, the status of university students and adults to think about his future because of As a part-time job to know how to make money for money's worth because know think it's important to note that part-time job. However, a college student working part-time act that can be considered a prerequisite For example, only part-time study and focus, even when the concentration and ego The case should be too late for a part-time job to yourself, and Aye And the way you could go wrong, so be careful. Writing a dissenting vote on this subject I really do not know them. If things at home in bad shape too which is well able to work part-time or part-time job with her career now naemineunde having a good think that can be experienced. I come to college for the first time; part-time job is a part-time job. Having a part-time job, I will be very excited. Careful work of the society, while also learning how to compete same boss also got to learn manners, and also if a part-time field service sector if it is always done with a smile By doing this, because it's funny people always leave a good image and spirit of service learning or later find you a job in the future a good influence is assumed to be crazy. Allow me to finish on this subject is in favor of the university was taking a part-time job could be a good experience and good for the rest of your life to live, because you think that will help.
I have originated the first time; part-time job is the University's freshman year. So as the summer wanting to make money and began to wander all over the place. The job, but there was a place where the remains. Then find my apartment, so it was a part-time sale. Is to first deal with a very powerful and people were to hear introverted personality that was very hard, I just had to be done. So in the end, about two weeks and was discontinued. And it had the second part-time job. Place called part-time job as a bar was a lot of guests did the same and easy to work part-time. Missus, but by letting nature do anything to scare you away from here, not too much was in there. Part-time job two months to the end, the pub did not. That summer was celebrated at the end of two semesters. As it was then part-time job was a chicken. Boss is very nice; everything was nothing but a good delivery. But once we get real downside were backed guests will come. So busy, really busy, rest when you cannot breathe when you have had enough. But that was before, rather than the conditions of part-time were good not bad because it was the best part-time troops had long been the top until it seems.
I think part time job is very good to student. I will write about why. First, it can earn my own money. We can use that for eating, shopping or enjoy your time. And I can help my mother for my university registration fee. Second, it can help to your society experience. It will help you that how to do at your company and how to face your boss. Also you can make friends at work. I can save my money for the future and to buy my parent birthday gift if I save them monthly, not depend on my parent to be grown up. Now days university fee is very expensive too so that is why students look for part time job. Another reason is society experience many people graduate with no social experience that can be problem adjusting to the working company. To face boss it take a lot of brave mind because boss can fire you anytime. At school we have friend and work we can make friend too make friend at work can help me adopting to work and teach me how to work well. These reasons are why I agree to do part time job
I think part time job is very important. Because we are going to learn experience in part time job and we earn much money. But many students think part time job more important than study. Nevertheless, I think that many people are going to have a part time job. Part time job experience is to be. Because meets many people and learn experience. Here is a lot of reason that students have part time job. First, the part time job experience is going to learn sociability that meets many people. Because many part time job meet people in these days. So sociability is very important. Many customers like to have high social skill worker. Therefore many employers choose to have social skill employee. Second, the part time job is going to earn much money. Many students received pocket money by parent. So there haven't part time job experience and earn money of them. When receive earn money, they are going to be pleased. Finally, they get experience of many part time jobs. These days Korea has many kind of job. So students are going to get experience. When find a job, part time job experience is very important. In conclusion, many students will have part time job. And student study more. So they survive in a competitive society.
Students should find a good part time job in their school life when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So you must do something what you believe it.
I think the college student's part-time job is important. Because of the tuition is getting higher. But all the parents get in trouble pay all the tuition. They are difficult to afford all the tuition for four years. So almost students have responsible for help their parents. But someone who the not rich is thinking I don't need to have a part-time job then the person isn't needed to have part-time job. Because doing the part-time job is optional. Not duty. But I think the person go to college should better have part-time job in every considered situation. First, they can help their parents who feel difficult to pay for their son's or daughter's tuition for four years. Of course, the money their earned can't fill all the tuition. But the money is not only touchable money. That is mind for their parents. And the money their earned can use their allowance. We can see this like small. But this is proud and big for them. I also agree this. Anyway, the second is they can go through out of the college. That is important. It is easy to people who go to college thinking I'm a just student. But college students are not just student. College is a one of the small society. So college students are members of society. So I think college student's part-time job is important.
How can we have a good school life? What will you do? Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life. Do you think it is a good way to have a good school life?
There are a wide variety of part time jobs in the world. There are many advantages when in working part time. We think not easy to make money. So we save the money. We get to know that our parents are working hard for us as well. I was part time job. I have various par time jobs. PC room and cafeteria they are my old job. PC room task is very easy. Polish desk and computer, reckoning guest respond. But pc room working is very having a bad headache. Because every day old rope smelling. Cigarette smell is very disgusting. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. Cafeteria working is tired and stressful. Because hard job. Every day smile and fast move. Boss is very nitpicking to me. My feeling is terrifically peed off. Part time job about positive thing. I learned a basic position in service and it is my first experience to earn money myself. Hunt Part time job for reference. We should do what we can to eradicate it. And very fun working. The work is not as easy as I thought. Bear with the heavy workload for a while until it gets better. It may be a hard time. But all hands on deck.
It is important for college students to have a part-time job I think that part time job is very important to college student. We must aim above the mark to hit the mark. What is our goal? It is have a job. We are figure a way to have a job. One of them is experience many social active. First, I believe that part time job is can feel much social experience. Experience is equaled with college grade. Someday they are support some company. The company is considered what to do their in college. They will employ person who have a many experience and capable person. Second, much part time - job is can seek their aptitude. We don't know what is to do well. All of student wants work that fits them. So part time - job is very helpful in aptitude. Third, part time job can get a lot of money. Most of student don't realize to precious of money. And they are paying to waste money in useless part. It is called to be extravagant. If they have a part time job, they are paying to waste money. Because they are begrudged their money. In short. Part time job give to useful for student. Needless to say part time job is very important to us. I agree with first sentence completely. Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Let's go challenge.
I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Universities have raised steadily the tuition. Some parents can no longer afford the fee. So. Students are working part-time to earn his pocket money. I think that the part-time job will be an invaluable experience before social life. And many college students are working for his school expenses. Students work several part-time a day. They work mostly at a convenience store and restaurant and cafe and parcel service. They work hard, and don't earn much. Because student receive unfair treatment to reason young. It cannot be justified any reason. They combine study and part-time. It's not easy to combining. I'm done it before. I'm too tired physically and emotionally. The part-time job demand too much time. Students sleep to catch up on his sleep in the class. So, students have become indifference from study. Part-time job is important to them. We are no telling that quit the part-time. Because par-time is maintain their existence. So, university should arrange ways that scholarship system increase etc. They have to help practically to students suffering from financial hardship. Therefore I consent that it is significant for university students to have a part-time job.
College students are in favor of a part-time job. If part-time job can earn a lot of experience. Before going into communities to work part-time stacking through a lot of experience I think that part time job is a good thing. Because of their own economic ideas to make money can occur. I want to try a lot of social experience was a part-time job. I had hard money directly heart full viscosity was the viscosity. Through part-time jobs may have a sense of responsibility? In addition, allowance is the money. And part-time jobs, as well as social life were nurturing and independence from parents has helped significantly. And there will be independence. Plus, the formation of the contacts and will also feel a sense of accomplishment. And attending college part-time work is the memories and experiences. Take the college community is ready for the step. So that in a society ready to learn and to study and think. If it were just me and the job will not only be embarrassed out suddenly. Sitting in university classrooms that cannot be a social experience, learn all the important information because you cannot learn. So I will agree to work part-time college student.
part time job is important before entering the existence necessary company, part time job is also helped on the basis of previously learned experience that bring more proficient self-development and make money also seems to send them to prevent a waste time depending on the job, but with as many people seem to be good and part time job is add to confident so when all job to do, rather than other people i am more great deal, but part time deprive individual time so many people So many people and there is little time to communicate Sometimes friends are often encountered in the story And two kinds of part-time jobs only imagine how difficult it is to catch rabbits. But another attraction is to gain more contacts it could be a deep relationship, and may be shallow, but the network of relationships to pursue a society is one of the important factors. If you maintain a good relationship to money and connections to get a broad it could be a good opportunity. The variety of faces to finish part-time job even easier through a network will be Las Posits if you're lucky, a job not much like the glass haneundedo
I tend to agree part time job Because I think it's very useful time for wonderful your future. Part time job is give to us various experience. Learn human relationship and know the world. And if job is related to dream of future, very excellent. For example, if you want to be teacher, go academy Then give lessons to student. Of course if that is the case you should hard study. In fact, most college students work part-time without, difficult to study. Therefore, this situation should consider the opportunity. You know Enjoy if you cannot avoid. Don't forget this sentence A variety of experiences that will not be replaced. For this reason, I agree! I think only the privilege of a college can. So you do not necessarily need to be I hope you have done I've been trying for a vacation from the factory. When I was a lot of thought. I think I never didn't this thing has a lifetime. It was so nice part-time. My mind had to work harder too. Part-time gave me motivation. I think you're a part-time and hope it's not too negative Because it is I would get more. There are Relationships, social skills, experiences, challenges and memories And so on. I should hope get something precious please don't miss the opportunity Actually at first, I didn't strongly agree. However In writing this essay became more and more strongly agree. I hope the same, with me.
The part-time job is a common experience amongst college students. College students should be allowed to have various hands-on experiences But I find that one job doesn't provide enough variety. Therefore, it is important to have experience in a variety of through part-time job. Those experiences will be a great future asset when we graduated from university. However, various experiences are not easy to do. Requires much time and effort. I was worked part-time in a department 2 months ago. This part-time job is helpful my dream. Because part-time job and my dream is associated. My experience will be helpful my dream. But you should not focus only on part-time in college. Whatever the proper balance is important. The study also must be so hard. The important thing didn't take part-time jobs that do not require Unnecessary if a part-time job wasting time and didn't hard study. Also someone works part-time to pay for the school expenses. But Part-time job that can help is this working holiday. I'll learn some survival English and get a part-time job if I am lucky. I should do that also participate in a working holiday. For these reasons I agree part-time job during college.
Oh my god. Part time-job very important. Part time-job is complete need show me the money and girlfriend date money. College student is many need money. Money war. Money is my life. Should go out with my girlfriend. I'm sorry your parents do not see how spending money. Because a lot of phones coming out non-school favorite is costly to. So in college part time-job is an essential element. Utilities electricity it takes to trace the life so gas money goes a lot of money in what other unnecessarily. And while in school in order to promote friendship between favorite drinks and enjoy a drink and dance really ready for the cost of expensive. In addition, many live in and look at a lot of the ancillary elements occur. For example, in the cost of club soccer uniforms and what gait dinners or meetings you can hear when the perfect example of dues. I also want to have shoes or clothes or food to feed hungry need the money for it when my parents personally to ask for money, I'm sorry to see my parents cannot be twelve. I need a part time-job. Have trouble. Have a nice day. For students just part time-job. Is you need to
I oppose this opinion. As more value is tuition rising personal time people are increasingly looking for part-time job. Most college students are part-time holiday is also sending. I also try to work part-time and part-time but within it have any doubts about the importance and necessity has been I think if people who need part-time jobs that would be important to everyone, but I do not think that. With vacations or after school hours must be used for the self-development. Sakhalin also in part-time self-development while in college, but it is not required that you need to think. If you like girls, you can choose to work part-time at night, the narrow bars are even serving. The bad people danghagido sexual harassment scandals that may happen to think it's very dangerous to public order dote. Their family unavoidably difficult, unless those people who work part-time more useful to themselves and just take a little time to think. For example, the seasonal vacations and after school study session listening to the lack of a hobby or skill that could save his job seems to be a good. Part-time work experience in the community to try to indirectly would also be a waste of time, but I think you are. Therefore, I oppose this opinion.
My dream is a police officer. I have a dream right now is trying hard to make. From the study will begin this summer. Will be certified first. And will begin to learn English. But the police should start studying and learning English are not as easy as. When I think about it now would not regret not studying English are ahead. But if you keep working hard now to think. Studied at the school seems to be a really good way. Anyone going out to schools and does not control. But the school is different. A great professor because he always let me know that you do not know. So I will choose schools instead of self-study and professor in the school and the same thing, and I will be quite a study with people. I want to be a reason for the police to help the needy would want. I wanted to do since I was a child helping others. I was thinking of my personality that fits the appropriate police will be selected. The future by becoming a police officer and I want to be friendly with people. They are difficult to police officers. When a police officer, even innocent people feel guilty for thinking the same thing. The reason the police officers and intimacy is not. I would be really approachable. And that faith want to be a police officer. People do not trust the police officers often make mistakes. But if I practice the police will not make a mistake and stick to. So people will have to believe.
My dream is a police officer. For now that dream is a student of *** University Police Department. Ever since I was little my career was a fixed. When I was a kid was a police officer, she looks amazing. But it's nice now, by showing only the selected length of the innocent victims of crime want to be a police officer wanted to reduce. Although significantly reduce the crime rate in Korea, even if we once again by my patrol crime than any other cop would not be a person hope. Competent and diligent and smart but lazy, a police officer than a police one with the correct idea of the Republic of Korea will change the way crime is considered. And with this idea to increase police officers of the Republic of Korea believe that the crime rate will decrease significantly. In order to achieve my dream this summer, I decided to participate in study groups. For this study, the group in February next year, a group of police officials are preparing for exams. Lessons with five subjects studied, and once a week and look at the test. You've got passion, willpower is weak to me, and I think I am going to be a good opportunity.
In my opinion, having a part time job will be good experience for the university students after their graduation. For example, if a student who hopes to work in a hotel in the future, it will be very helpful to have a part time job in a hotel. He or she can learn what happens there and how to deal with the unexpected problems. When they write the experience in a hotel into the resume and cover letter it will be a strong point which attracts employer to be. Secondly, the students who have a part time job can help their parents economically. I think they have to earn our spending money by ourselves. Because their parents are spending their much money for the tuition they need to earn some money to buy their textbooks at least. And I believe they have enough ability to work and study well at the same time. However I insist part time job should not effect on their studying badly. So I would like to recommend it to the students who have a responsibility to work and study both hard. For the students who cannot do that, I want to suggest that they had better concentrate on just studying.
The college student thought that part-time-job is important to do. Part-time-job is good experience. And lives, although, becomes the help. Can earn a pocket money is a chance. Social experience millimeter can do. Also the various occupational experiences are possible. Can increase a connections becomes the chance. We cannot know will be able to experience an impression and the thought. People thought that is good much to experience. Part-time-job will be able to change character is the chance. Talks many people and contact. Therefore can raise the care core. Because to be difficult work, the money be can feel valuably. Can raise an economy spirit. Than no experience the experience is important. Lives a life, Thought that much should experience. Thought that anything is some day becomes the help. The result where I tried part-time-job, also the character changed and became much help. When all people are young, Experiences part-time-job, wishes. Part-time-job that one will become the good memory. Will be earned much money although cannot. Interesting will kick rewarding. We lead, part-time-job much we experience, can get much knowledge, Can feel a new impression. Lives this world, the thing a lot the low of attempting thought that the thing is important.
I still think you need a part-time students is because students do not have money to live alone because economically necessary part one of the students think. As a student who will meet but still there is not anyone behind the money is just that nothing could get a part-time as a bit of a have-afford and really need her to be a part-time view yeoyurowo jindamyeon. So even in a school should actively encourage students' part-time and part-time college students are required that can help you to think maryeonhaeya aggressive measures. Using part-time students by having a more free to concentrate on school and studying to be a part-time by haeyadoelgeot and more college will need to be able to send fullest. I think this is a part-time students include part-time students are required and also a bad impact, rather than just help students in school and social life, where you can feel the sooner think it's a good experience. But still for a part-time college student, if there are negative people think he's doing is not seen. Students feel that they always live in tribes and all of them and meet their desire to not give in even if a little comfort to students and can be helpful if you think I always need to be a part-time
Must agree. see of college tuition per ha-ha mystery mango nor the dormitories jack friends besides tuition allowance sum of money and have disappeared boiling look about ten million won per hangar broken. Ease the burden slightly more to let parents Alba and earned his living allowance even house think it's the reality of today is not got. Sing tuition every year up there, thrust the case of private universities tuition more than 5 million won per Hanna reality. We assume the same would be delighted to welcome you to the fact that students are too burdensome. Even the students on leave of absence to raise tuition hanta I have yet to learn that I'm disappointed in Alba hit four. The rooftops of students need to have a system that'll create the conditions are: Why students are now pay tuition sepal and hit the uproar about the struggle. Tuition is expensive, because eventually this situation as it happens, I do not think only reduces. University of expensive tuition in the interests of their shares to challenges self-Blowing money on me this is absurd is that? Students on leave of absence and do not have the money to paragon has suffered. So hard to live for college students opposed to doing Alba for those who do and do not understand.
Many college students have part time jobs because they can earn money. The tuition is very expensive. Students need much money for that. Students need also much money for enjoying their life with friends. Some part time jobs are very hard and difficult like physical labor. Pay is also very low. So, students don't like these jobs. Other part time jobs give high pay like man to man teaching. Many students like this job. I also like this part time job. If I can have a chance for getting a part time job, I want to have that. After finishing part time jobs, you can get money. You can use this for whatever you want to spend. You don't need to tell parents for money. The kinds of Part time jobs are very variety. Many students go to do part time jobs after finishing all classes. Usually, the age of getting part time jobs is 19. In a law, high school students can't have part time jobs. As soon as graduating high school, many students get a part time job. Doing a part time job is developing students' sociality and giving money. Students doing a part time job can earn without helping of parents.
There are many people in modern society is a part-time job. There are many reasons. Rising tuition, rising inflation, etc. Most students will start a part-time job. Due to the absence of tuition fees for part-time soccer is ventured. Nowadays, half tuition, which is emerging as a lot of social problems do not concentrate on studying rather than leave of absence and deprived of school tuition. Jjeoljjeo Mare Why, scared of is two. In addition, many economically disadvantaged families tuition for those universities may not even be the reason for this kind. The major reason for working part-time donning geotyida. We have hard money, but also to entertain. The main reason for giving up a school can also: I was in high school, there enter the school and working to attend college because of the tuition waiver, and saw a friend go to Work. I also pay student loans for college tuition as a part-time job that will always sandier. Part-time summer and winter vacation will be sent to the school year. For the purpose of making money is such a part-time jobs. Our society for many people who care little for the rest of the money to make a buck if you only attend part-time students keen to study a little on the wonder if their future will accomplish here.
I can't agree to this statement. Of course, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. But, it is necessary that they study for their life. Actually, some college students always are working a part-time job. By the way, it is dangerous for college students to concentrate on working a part-time job. Because, they are busy working for part-time and they can't studying. At the moment, student must remain learn and study hard. As college students, but, If they don't study hard, they will always regret and glooming. Finally, they will stop studying and leave college. At the same time, work and study is very difficult and college students will know it very tired to reach a decision. However, college student's duty is learning and studying and having a part-time job is only one in many options. Actually, most of college students don't know what they want. Dream is precious and has the future even if you fail. Perhaps, studying is very important for their dreams and Someday their dreams will come true. In the end, having a part-time job is important and good experience, but not as expensive as schoolwork. So, I think that college students had better study.
I strongly agree this topic. University registration fee is very expensive. It is a burden to college student's parents. So we need a time to part-time job. University registration fee will continue to increase. Because half of University registration fee, even we have demonstration. In my think, not only college students also people who money need need to make money. Even, Because University registration fee is high there are people who give up college. A lot of talented people who need University registration fee, but because so many people to give it to God to work part-time college students to know there's a problem but there's a problem in University registration fee continues to climb looks Romagna. Must all through high school is compulsory until the student's status, but college is a selection of the selection, as well as a reason to give up college for money, not so macho that it is unfortunate. Part-time jobs for University registration fee and a boon to parents Might Be a little, but not a last resort, as well as a scholarship to study Because many students who do not, but eventually the universal part-time college students were an important tool. If the idea is a lot of universities around the restaurant, convenience store, bar restaurant where you can hire a daehaksaengman have thought that it were.
For part-time job is a little positive. Because students receive college tuition is much oppression, so I want to reduce the burden on parents is a part-time job. To enjoy their pleasures, though there is not anything compared to college tuition writes. And part-time money if I just want the burden of parents is a difficult situation. However, unknowing the date of the University's tuition high the sky literally springs, so students are frustrated. However, knowing the date of the University's tuition nopeunjul the sky literally springs, so students are frustrated. University tuition increases, so also the growing number of part-time students, part-time also increases. Of course, study hard in college and receives a fee, but it is not easy said than done. Money that students increasingly oppressed, forced to live in the confines of money he's not running a home, not much more than money, they can only give money to my parents favor. And while part-time students to earn money are important to know that it is not easy to believe. My parents did not make it know that this does not easily obtained if you know the importance of money is considered a great experience. I am approving a part-time job.
To work part-time college students are in favor. By becoming part-time college students can buy the necessary things. Yet parents are able to cultivate independence, without leaning. Social experience through part-time may need to reserve. And the economy will be able to get the notion. Can make different kinds of part-time. While many types of part-time can be a lot of experience. Yet as a qualified prospective member of society can have Vacations for part-time at a department store restaurant and witnessed. Many part-time while in a department store Part-time while at the mall and met with many people. And the restaurant was a new experience. Although not yet a part-time college students were asked shortly after. While remaining a part-time to college plans. Twelve are still a lot of experience and counting. I experience the things that the future is expected. Formed to raise money, while his economic ideas are able to do a good consumer. Because the money collected by their own consumption can prevent over-consumption. Economic notions like that, as the quality of society is formed as a spare. With the advent of independence can be a good member of society. Therefore, plans to continue part-time. Agrees to make a part-time.
Most students also study and work part-time activity is one that most students like to do together. Time students from the classroom to read sports, games, shop, and relax. Most students work needs money. What people want is money collected, must. What equipment to buy jewelry, clothing cycled, sports, phone, portable computers, wool cap, tennis, shoes, or helping students to work as a compensation, which will enable students to think for hours per hour depending on how much work. that easy or difficult. Therefore, students need to have a part-time jobs to meet demand. That can make money by themselves and for the experience of working with the students in higher education. before students are responsible for school only to have a quality person. So many people look at college as an opportunity to socialism, to find themselves and to explore the world before going out into it. College has been defined as a "safe place for young people to grow." Some students don't know the value of work experience and how it can enhance the educational experience. At least one semester of work would benefit all students.
No is not important. The important thing is to study the relationship friendship school friends is important. Student life is limited social life is Continue However, part-time work is often required. Their parents receive an allowance that is not enough spending money. I still think you need a part-time students is because students do not have money to live alone because economically necessary part one of the students think. As a student who will meet but still there is not anyone behind the money is just that nothing could get a part-time as a bit of a have-afford and really need her to be a part-time view So even in a school should actively encourage students' part-time and part-time college students are required that can help you to think aggressive measures. Using part-time students by having a more free to concentrate on school and studying to be a part-time by more college will need to be able to send fullest. I think this is a part-time students include part-time students are required and also a bad impact, rather than just help students in school and social life, where you can feel the sooner think it's a good experience. But still for a part-time college student, if there are negative people think he's doing is not seen. Students feel that they always live in tribes and all of them and meet their desire to not give in even if a little comfort to students and can be helpful if you think I always need to be a part-time
It is agreed. Korea as part-time college students of the university tuition fees issue has become a buzzword among the largest. The problem is economic and political. In addition to the inflation and economic policies of the University resulted in a rise in tuition fees. South Korea's recent college and throughout social and political issues have been half the tuition. It is currently in South Korea need to work part-time community was one reason. College students through a variety of part-time job are to get the nice thing about. Increases in college social experience. This experience will be a great help in employment. To choose a major impact on the future. Parents can reduce the financial burden. Alleviate the burden of expensive tuition for parents of children should also think a part-time job. But that part-time job while studying the impact is the opposite I also work part-time not only during holidays accepted, without ever trying to be keen on learning. Proficient in the formation of personal satisfaction. However, it is important to choose a part-time job. Dirty and dangerous and should not be a sexual implication. Today South Korea's social position as fierce competition in the part-time job is difficult to obtain
I think it is very important for students to find a part time job in school, because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do your best when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So you must do what you believe it.
It is an essential part time job. If college students earn tuition, especially since there should really be thinking. It's the money while trying to work part-time, but it's good experience. The act is so young, so librarians will also. It is a great experience. Ever since we were a young ages, hard to know how to earn money. So we retrench that. When I am with physical labor I felt it is very hard work. But I make a lot of money, I was proud of myself. I still spent that money as conserve. In addition tried a lot of. Bowling part time, beef shop part time, convenience stores part time. And so on. If I have a chance tried everything. If I want to recommend a part-time job is convenience stores part time. Although pay is low but there are many people you meet, and easy. Parents will also be agreed. Earn the money his son, who would dispute? If I were parents, I could give praise. Part time is good. Because it is needed in society. I agree do part time job. It is of course agreeing everyone. I think there is no one who does not agree.
If you are a student what will you do when you have time in school Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life. Do you think it is a good way to have a good school life?
The quality of life should have the target and the variable in the specification. Will how the life is, should depend with about education. Sure, study should better do work. Life experience is starting to do better the theory in the textbook. The purpose of the education for works or job but, we are student then can not do full-time and part-time, then become the choice. And excellent if while study can do a part-time job too, make a student have the knowledge at can use effectively in the life. And many the social, there is money buys to compensate for tiredness, help family save money. There will be more experience from workplace also. If the graduation of experience that occurred during the work part would allow us to do real work through problems in the future even if it is expendable just small matter. So, a job is importance for college student between study because organization or company want a student who have an experience come to work of course a job is the life of everyone. And now is ready to be doing a job. And when we are graduate, must not look for a job, because some company is wants us in come to do work. I'm understand with agree because, part-time job there are a lot of merits to college student.
In my case, Part time job is important to many university students. Doing part time job help more grow up man. And get a confidence. Near my friends, some guy never do part time job. And he provides all money from his parents. He spends money buying something. I think he waste money to buy cloth. I asked him 'Hey do you think are you waste money?' and he said 'I'm ok my parents is rich person.' That moment I recognized. He doesn't know value of money. If he tried to get money through working, He couldn't say like that. In this situation. Doing part time job help to recognize value of money. Money is very important. Using money is easy, buy saving or getting money is hard and painful. I tried to save money, I make a plan. But I can't do like plan. It was very hard and difficult. When I worked at coffee shop, I made a many kind of coffee. Some rude people called me 'hay' I felt very not good. Getting money is painful that I knew it. But through coffee shop part time job I learned that getting money is hard and painful. So I planned always to use money. That behavior is always help me
It is important for college students to have a part- time job. As part-time when a lot of variety to work part-time students is increasing. Part- time job would be a good experience in college. Many part-time work experience to be stacked. When I was a freshman, I had a part- time job. Gained valuable experience that allowed me to part- time job. I gained good experience. For example: Contact with people, Responsibility, Kindness, about my work full and so on.... There are many advantages when in working part time. Also, I could make some money. So we save the money. Money do you make us feel that parents can be difficult. Part- time jobs before going to the social practice is a step ahead. We can discovery confidence before social life. So importance of money will know. If you have knowledge of money to go out in society could will become easier. This day, part-time job was a requirement. Therefore, Part-time jobs just to make money nowadays are useless. Part-time job could change soon because. Should be careful when working part-time. Because it moves us one step further, because job. Again, I am a part time job while in school, actively approval it.
I agree about that Alba is a college student. If a student is studying, because no matter how long you cannot live with my parents rely on, my parents paid for it more naejusi is because you do not want to let a huge burden removed. And Alba do not have time to study it may be a problem due to their commitment. If an urgent situation without thinking about his other work to concentrate on her studies since. Alba also made the money for you, you are also saving lives and also can be relaxed and able to buy stuff and want to buy the idea in many ways. And before Miramar workers can see to resolve financial problems and can rise economic notion seems to be a good preparation for the future. Before I become a job that Alba is a very idle anhaebon I live comfortably, and the world seems to be thinking of. While giving birth to a child in the future will really be Alba. Miramar raised the notion that economic hard to do when Alba may be planning to meet while their competence and they may have found the benefits did not know I think. Performed well and the minimum wage to create a pleasant working environment to think. I want to thank you for comment. Have trouble.
I strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It may not always be easy to find spare time to get a job on top of all the school work. Sometimes it may even feel overwhelming for us to keep up with our busy schedule. However I believe it is critical for us as college students to have a part time job since it helps us to be more responsible in our actions. It not only helps us to be more conscientious in our spending but also allows us to be more alert to use our time more efficiently. If we earn our own money, we will be more careful in our spending too. It is true that harder we earn our money it is less likely that we waste or spend it easily on unnecessary items. Moreover, it is our responsibility to be more dependent as we get older. If we don't earn our money and just get it from our parents, it will get harder and harder for us to be independent. As a process of growing up and maturing, we need to have our own standards and values set properly and I believe that having a part time job while we are in school helps the process.
It is important to work part-time college students to think. Does not interfere with studies must be part-time extent. Part-time job for the community will provide the opportunity to experience. Income from part-time job and will help in your own living expenses. The lack of student tuition fees and part-time leave of absence to the school cases. So rather than stop the progress of the study they need to work part-time to make good use of time to think. In the case of part-time jobs can also close the school. That something being a part-time job and he's not a problem and how do you take advantage of that revenue is what is most important. Things to note include that you need to make good use of your income is the point. The study does not interfere with the time limit to invest their time in the income you will need to get a much cherished. Part-time jobs are thought to be useful in many ways. Self-help yourself can you give and I think social skills are raised. Penalty money they own money for money is precious, so I can feel it makes you think. By these part-time job, I think that will be so helpful.
I think part time job is important. First, it makes me to feel importance of saving money. Before I entered the university, I already had experienced part time job. I worked in the factory in 5 days, in a resting place in 3 days and in restaurant in 3 days. I don't remember exactly due to work very shortly. But it was very tired and terrible. Whenever parents gave allowance, I had done anything to do. I bought clothes, ate out and went out to play with my friends. I didn't pay attention to the money before part time jobs did. I really knew how hard it was to earn the money. I thanked for parents after working. It is not bad that earning the tuition for myself. But one of bad points isn't time for me. Second, I felt a lot of things. At the end of each working, I thought that I really study hard. The other word, I really don't want work because part time job is too tired physically. But it makes me feel lots of things. For things that I want to do, study is very important. And I feel that there aren't easy things in the world. The little things need too much effort.
Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life.
What comes to your mind when you think of college life? There are so many things you can think of, but there is one thing that you cannot miss, and that is part time job. In today's society, there are so many college students working part time. They even outnumbered the students who are not working part time. Why is it so popular among college students to work part time? It is because there are several advantages of having a part time job than not having one. It is important for college students to have a part time job. One of the main advantages for college students working part time is money. Unlike to middle school and high school, students have to pay tuition for their education in college. They also have to pay a lot for their books, and many other activities at school. Not only that, because they are now grown up people, they need a lot more spending money than they used to back in high school. The college students working part time have more ability to spend money than those who do not work, simply because they earn money from working. This helps not only students themselves, but their family who supports them as well.
College students are always a part-time job. To be honest, with or without part-time job cannot talk about college life. Because so much money because the college students. Tuition is expensive indeed. Far too himdeunge afford a home today is a reality. Furthermore, when the college students, there is plenty of real money sseulgotyi. Therefore include an allowance is difficult to solve everything. I would too is expected to work part-time and vacations. It is not because of money. The two guys are, this is my brother The kids go to college it is that. The situation is so worried about my house. I can only work part-time and not earning a lot of money. Dooley no money because the country concerned. Nowadays, because of this situation is a lot of part-time. If the department wants to ensure that part-time jobs from part-time job because I'm in a department store because I've been. Very easy department store. That does not mean that less money. Five thousand won two an hour is urgent. Man, that is a part-time hourly kinder. Furthermore, an addition that is not much. If you are waiting on the customers Therefore, part-time and vacations, I will look in department stores stocking a lot of money, so Mom and Dad will give you the power.
It is important to college students for part-time job is considered. Also part-time students can do when you thought it was very important because one is needing to work part-time to meet a man getting drunk and with friends can get through quickly. Need to work part-time can be eaten too much to drink. And you need a part-time job that I could survive it, you want to buy. Geumyideun from clothing or shoes.... Can survive many things. And as a part-time college students can increase your independence. Salvoes 20 part-time job at least once ad think that experience will be viewed. You receive an allowance to the parents, who live under a just wrong. Been in financial difficulties to watch live. As a part-time job to escape from economic hardship, and even part-time minimum wage is lower, but still might be a good experience and would be a good thing. And by working part-time in the future when I graduated from college and gone to community college because of the variety of experiences ahreubayiteuhan will be able to get a good job. In addition, by working part-time will result in economic ideas. The notion that these economies have grown at a later time not rule out in society will have a good economic idea. You can also find sojunghamdo money directly earn money because I can see sojunghamdo money. Part-time work experience in the community in advance that you can experience the variety will be a social experience. Later graduated from society by hard experience, when would be a good member of society? Therefore, part-time job as a college student is one of just have to try.
I find that it is very important for students to look for a part time job in school, because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So you must do something what you believe it.
A part-time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full-time job. I have a part-time job at the school. Because I want to use my own money earned. But I also attend the school. With both is not easy. Obviously one thing gives a negative impact on the rest. It is possible that you can not only be injured, but also get fatigue. Therefore, it's a bad influence on your own work such as health, study and normal pattern in life. Too tired and cannot concentrate in studies. And receives a lot of stress. If you can afford the time, you should go to the travel. After getting a job, maybe you don't have enough time to go to the travel. If you don't afford the money, try to borrow money from the bank just a little. When you've got a job, you can pay back easily. The most important thing is developing you and experiencing various things. Please do not part-time job and spend time wisely. But is not always a bad thing. Meet new friends, and you can try a lot of good experience. If you want to work part-time and studying both the good and you should be thinking a lot. It is very important and also the choice of job. Therefore, plan well before you start work and the schedule should be designed.
Part-time jobs in university to think it is important. Because students do not have the money. If you are not wealthy parents to work part-time is essential. South Korea's tuition is too expensive. So if you do not got enough money for my parents to raise children, should be work part-time. University in South Korea due to determine the salary from the company should be a graduate of the University. So messy and expensive university tuition fees should get pay. If that does not win the lottery and part-time university students must earn tuition. Part-time in college because I was not interested, but because you are interested in college wanted to go back to school will earn money. Soon as possible college tuition has been lowered to concentrate on their studies are expected to arrive any day Tuition is now a little cheaper than if you'd like to the students they'd be keen to study tuition's blaming. A lot of money and my money, who have been studying the peace more difficult to study the reality seems to be wrong For those who wish to be given more opportunities that I think. And when that day come? Dream-like story... I got to eat, and part-time job
I agree to the above argument. Unfortunately, a lot of college tuition these days is expensive. Grade class wants to hear college students want to come out well. But as you can because this reality is that you need a part-time job. With poor living conditions in the house it is difficult to attend college. Part-time job because you need money to earn an allowance paid for produce. Even to attend school part-time job is necessary. There are also advantages of part-time job. Study is to experiment with something other than. Twelve to earn money is not easy, but can be rewarding. I'm trying new things, experience is important that is. May be part-time job is good opportunity more than to study. Studying part-time work may be disturbed. Many worry about the prayer part-time professors. However, while studying part-time job even harder is when. Part-time job can find a lot of people. To choose his future can be helpful. Raise money to my parents happy. When the remaining time after school to play better than part-time. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Part-time job for someone that is absolutely necessary to have a great opportunity for someone to make.
I agree for this topic Because university life is based on social life I think gain knowledge of what is important but much experience more important I had a part time job help to me This work too hard, but useful thing and make some money I have work the part-time job for kindergarten assistance for children's festival Children are so cute and friendly to me That part-time job is tired but I was happy and worth Part-time job are many useful species for university students. For example only vacation part-time job and special treatment for only university students You get part-time job of your major study and your interest's part-time job is help for your future. I will work part-time job for summer vacation Part time job is much advantage First, learn important manners are in society Second, knowing the importance of money The reason money management for hard-earned money and understanding importance of money Third hang out with friends Moreover university students have much time especially vacation is best I think level up study for important but work part-time job important too. Part-time job to university students gain money and many useful experiences Therefore ""i agree. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. ""
What is important for college student's ahreubayi? I agree with part-time students. They just want a lot of new things. If you do not want a bag you do not have the money ten thousand. So what about you? Because I also have to agree with all the money, therefore you try to work part-time over part-time students get something they want to work part-time can be about the number of part-time social work experience cannot be taught in the schools, for example, services such as mental Family restaurant, a systematic correlation in the relationship between the school, you can learn things you can learn from. School you think you need the ability to learn, but it's too early to start a part-time job, even if the age progression of the spirit of community service and service learning to the students today are more opposed to change while losing. Held responsible for some of his work report at a young age before blogs, or if you determine that something is, deviating to the exclusion of others which is the age and lack of critical thinking skills. Part-time college students think it's absolutely necessary, but it is all there is no need to keep the party together. Sound and the right end of a part-time job to learn a lot of things going
I will explain about part time job's requirement. I think that we must experience a part time job. There are five reasons of my opinion. First, we will go to company after graduation. The company demands various experience because the company wants to a man with a varied career. The companies don't like a beginner. Because they don't know about an applicant's ability. Second, a part time job gives a social nature to part timer. Because when a part timer works in work place, he meets many people. He experiences many situations. Third, we can make money. A part timer gets paid for his labor. Forth, we have a lot of job for a while. We have many different jobs so, we experience various lives. After part time job, we can have a big dream and realize a dream. Fifth, we can live productive life. And we can have positive thinking. So we will live a good life. There are many reasons about part time job's strength. For such a reason, so we have to experience a part time job. Therefore, experience of the part time job require is very important to everyone. We have got to part time jobs that wanting a better life.
I agree. Part-time job at least once in our lives necessary. First, the burden of university tuition is too high. Therefore, we need to make an earn money. And the university is first step for society. Thus we have to gain more experience and ability. Various occupations in life to meet a lot of people are very important. This will help a lot of job opportunities seem to be. Experience with various occupations, working part-time and gain experience in the process. And I think it is important to learn. In addition, through part-time job to learn from your mistakes. And then more will try to do better. Meeting many people and as a society can continue to learn. And you can feel money is valuable while make money. Because in the future earn a money by myself. Part-time job is early social life. Later, while living in the community will be very helpful. Also had ever seen in my life by experiencing new things, you can broaden your horizons. The job of the future do not know and what to do in the future. So I think trying to find the talents and aptitude. It will be in the future helpful.
I came pretty much try to work part-time. Try to calculate the part-time job came at a convenience store. And Courier, pubs serving, jjugumi serving, serving seafood, etc. I will discuss part-time job. A part time job is a job in which an employee does not work full hours. Employment in a part-time job has advantages and disadvantages which need to be carefully weighed when one is considering employment options. Typically, an employment announcement or job vacancy listing will indicate whether a position is full or part time, as the number of hours offered is important to many people. Part time jobs may also be referred to as part time employment, or PTE. A part time job often has the advantage of more flexible hours. Sometimes employees can at least partially dictate their own schedules, thereby setting up a job which is in alignment with life and other needs. Part-time jobs may also offer benefits such as discounts to employees, and in some regions of the world, as long as employee works at least half time, he or she is eligible for other employee benefits as well. These benefits may include sick pay, insurance, payments into pension funds, or vacation time. In other cases, these benefits are not offered; this is one of the biggest disadvantages of a part time job.
As soon as I graduated from high school started a part time job. My first part time job was eating event. My first began part time job in e-mart. The first went to a friend's introduction. Then the first time, part-time work was too hard to me. That is my first I had earned that money. And since I have been working part time at e-mart. Still I have work a part time job in a weekend. Now the fun part time job. I am going to work in e-mart. But study will not effect. Never. I do this while providing the service a lot of people learn how to be impermeable. Hard sometimes when your guests, but Entertain friends with the people I work with are trying to do. Because part-time jobs that do not play with your friends, but you do not mind some days. Instead, the pay is buying a lot of things I want to buy. If the opportunity presents itself I want to try a different part-time job. For example, an internship or others like to gain experience different. Many part-time jobs to gain experience in the future. I want to collect a lot of money. And I want that money to go traveling
Today, many college students have a part time job. Because they need a money for their allowance and so on. Above all, they work for their expensive school fees. Likewise I have been worked part time job for 4years. I get a lot of social experience and met many various people through that. Also I felt delight and despair during working. That experience and feeling will be the part of my growth. Then, is it important for college students to have a part time job? I think that case by case. Because I feel that Korea part time job's environment is very bad. The first reason is that pay is very low. Many people can't receive their minimum wages. Me too. This is not fair obviously. And the second reason is bad employer. They often ask to the student employee sexual claim delicately. So employee can't send employer to police. Though I can't see them, I am very displeasure. Of course every employer isn't bad. Also student employees can get a many valuable things. Selection is they'. I hope that they get a good experience through part time jobs. And I wish that part-time job's environment is improves better than now.
I think that need part time job for students. Through part time job. I can learn many things. Much kind of jobs. I can find myself. What am I good at part? You can't do anything you can't find Yourself, I think that is very wonderful. Find myself. In life, finding my self is very important. Knowing my good at part, and my ability. I can find some part of myself doing part time job. I sale some product. I find my ability. Sales are very funny. So I apply my major business. It was good choice. If I didn't do part time job. I could find my ability. But doing part time job loses something. I lose memories with my friends. I was busy during part time job and I studied many things... I can't play with my friends. That was so sad. But I learned many things. My friends said 'you are very independence. I want to learn your ability. 'I was very happy. I think I am growing. I was very shy person. But Through many experience about society I changed very activity person. I really thankful that. I can change. And I want to be a good salesperson.
Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. If you are a student what will you do when you have time in school Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something,
I do not agree. Part-time jobs are very time consuming. Part-time work will interfere with the study. The youth will not be able to enjoy part-time job. Part-time work experience is important. But now the level of experience of the students did. Students will need space. Hard to day students. Because part-time to give up much. Dating, marriage, childbirth these things. This only reflects the reality of young people. At a young age can only receive, give yourself the benefit of a real shame it is not. Part-time job, but not directly caused by the high cost of college is to work, because the students are exported. Also returning to school were earning college tuition or other issues are under no. Precarious employment and a job, then worry about college tuition are. Study, work, careers, students were trying to get everything're losing every day. This whole thing is what all facets of social phenomena. Students go sick. Nothing is very hard to work part-time. The majority of the students of the branch manager will not let you rest. No longer young, the future of the future is not Before challenge in the future society is pushing young people into the land of death. That is the reality.
I agree to part-time job One point is useful to a lot of part-time job First, you can amass a lot of experience Meanwhile, my own work and happiness know how the map can live comfortably. Second, know the importance of money is When my own money knows the importance of money and can feel worthwhile Third, you can feel a sense of accomplishment When my parents' help, they make money directly stream is difficult, but you can feel a sense of accomplishment Fourth, I want you to prepare for future career to be seen. I'll follow a part-time job related to my interests and what to do in the future can tell. As shown above, there are many good points. If you experience during the semester and part-time job even earn an allowance, and parents are able to relieve the burden. Write their spending money earned is money, know the importance. Intercourse in exchange for lining his pocket with a few extra dollars should not just be money, but it requires a lot of time and effort. Students will be more difficult step in making money. Difficulties, but look, rather than direct experience will feel more points. Part-time professional experience as a student let!
Increase unemployment society, a part-time job is very important for every school students. Because many students don't know who am I and what do I do in my future. Doing the Part-time job, they find their job that exact fit their personality. Because they will know many kind of jobs and each jobs tasks and what is the fittest on my character. The part-time job makes them realized our society include value of money. Many students didn't know society. So they always say "I'm going to earn big money. " or "I'm going to do work as self-employee. " Some answers it's true but many students haven't plan and didn't know their position. The part-time job can help to find their position. And the Part-time job is training independence and changing spending habit. My parents make me do Part-time job. It's true my home doesn't have much money for raise children. That moment the part-time job annoying me but that moment my parents don't care about my spending. So I changed my habit of spend and I learned independence. The part-time job is important to our future as that reasons. So we have to do a lot of type part-time job in young age.
I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons. First, students can build social experience by part-time job. After graduating from school, students start social life. However, if students start social life without social experience, they will meet difficulty. Therefore, doing social life is good thing in advance. Also, nowadays, when companies pick up a person, they prefer experienced people to not people. In order to get a job, they need too much social experience. Next, there is a second reason. They can live without the help of parents. They can earn money, and thank parents. Today, a lot of students need to help of parents, so a lot of parents help their son or daughter. However, when students have part-time job, they doesn't need to help of their parents. Finally, they can build friendship from person relation. They have to meet a lot of people and talk to them, because deal with people is difficult from social life. People dislike unkind, unfriendly and rude person, so, they can learn kind and friendly acting. Although there are a lot of reasons, I think it is the most important reason. For this reason, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
You have a nice school life? What will you do? You want to have a nice life? Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life. Do you think it is a good way to have a good school life?
Recently, the most issue of college students is tuition. Correctly, that is tuition bomb. We pay big money for tuition. Look around; there is many people who get a loan. In my opinion, college students to have a part-time job are not important. That is for condition. If you rich enough you don't have to worried about pay for tuition. But if you not, you must to be a part-time jobber. You can't afford pay for tuition, that means you are not rich, so you have to get a loan for attend the college. Then you have a dept and repay yourself. Because you are not child anymore, so can't bother your parents for repaying tuition. However there is an exception. That is a scholarship. Theoretically to receive a scholarship is easy. You can just study hard and participate the party or festival that you belong. But my experience, to receive a scholarship is very difficult to me during four years. So do I, I have been part-time job since I am 20. Therefore you cannot try to study hard, and not rich, you have no choice. You find a part-time job. So part-time job is not important everyone. That just only important to needed to one.
I agree to part-time job of students. Because they want to much something new items. If you want to bag but you don't have money. So what about you? Everybody try to some part-time job for money Thus, through part-time college students can get something they want to work part-time because I have to agree also, do not learn in school by working part-time social experience can be For example, a systematic correlation in the relationship between a family restaurants, like the spirit of service can learn things that schools can learn from. While school is losing is that change than students today by learning the spirit of service and service to society even if you go ahead you need to have the ability to learn to think But it was too early age about starting a part-time job is the opposite. Held responsible for some of his work lacks critical thinking skills in an age that you can do on this blog or to the exclusion of others ahead of the report to if you feel there is something at a young age, is by deviating. So keep up with part-time college students think it's absolutely necessary but it is a state that it is not necessary for everyone. Sound and make the right part-time jobs would have to learn many things through
Suicide is not saving tuition to students with bad credit are looking and students have been increasing. Soaring cost of college tuition and half rally the news lately we've heard. Aptitude unconditionally to go to college these days does not go to college should not society, society has become. But he had no money to go to college unconditionally cannot graduate from college students is increasing. Graduated from the University hag does right not to be employed to have a lot of students is the reality of today. But nonetheless, we came out of college at the University of the Obligation to invest a lot of money. So, the students work part-time tuition and fees will be prepared. Part-time jobs to college students are a good experience. Before going into society, students should consider a good experience. Part-time is not a bad job. However, studies do not even look at the article to raise tuition fees For part-time work is difficult. In my opinion, half the fee, if not get off a little So that students can learn a little more comfortable in this society to supporting Roles are considered. Split time during the semester to part-time hours of tuition you want to earn their own tuition, but even now that The bear's tough to fit on the twelve is all that is gone.
I'm in college and having to accept part-time job. Because there are people who like having a part-time job. The house is poor and circumstances Whose going private is not involved? But do not take pride in a job This is a problem. Prefer part-time students must have their pride as professionals. Otherwise, the view is not a good look. But there are problems. If things could be less studied. If you do not mind this issue is a part-time job But by hiring two people part-time, let the two people in the economic help. I should think positively about part-time job. Both work and personal life because it can. I hope it is not bad I think the transition should be. Tuition comes a lot of talk recently on the news. Tuition is expensive. So people are hard to. So, students must earn money, part-time job. Should help in some way. Tuition should go down Attends a school not too expensive There is a lot of fighting going on. Lower tuition to that fact is not. Should pick up visions of them dividends. It is a bad idea. We will find solutions together So I'm in college and having to accept part-time job.
I agree it is important for college students to have a part-time job because money is very important and we are life very funny. There must be money to live a rich life. Hang out with friends, you need to get that money also can live and travel food. College students eat a lot to drink so money is a very important resource. If the parents and help you at work part-time and extra money Proficient leisure life. If part-time job to earn money and have a good experience. Through experience can be helpful in social life. Filial to their parents for earning money and making money as they could survive the book. And the savings are able to help in the future when he was home. At other times, you can work part-time, but the money that vacation. And I have to earn the money their parents can offer you a worry-free. I'm money, because it is a very poor college student working part-time should be just. Write to my parents, because God forbid he takes the allowance is. The best of the current capitalist society, money is because money goes down, so I have to live longer. I agree
My dream is that the police as a kid. I have by becoming a police officer to help all the people I would like to live in peace. So since middle school to go to the police department were studied. I am currently studying at *** University Police Department. Especially now, in order to become police officers is a lack of English. So this summer, I'll concentrate on learning English in the idea. Attending the police department during term time to study people with a dream, do you help a lot here? The police, as well as studying to become fitness should be good also. Therefore, the current guidance, such as Aikido and I'm on my way and build up stamina jeokeurodo. Police civil service examination subjects in English, affairs, criminal law, criminal procedure law, there is police science. Among them, I seem the most difficult English. I've learned English since elementary school, but so deep recognition that is difficult. Most people have difficulties with grammar, but I feel a lot harder with English reading comprehension. Do not say a long sentence, especially the more interpretation. Therefore, I am a lot of English sentences, rather than the interpretation it is important to interpret correctly.
I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, college students will take a nice job after graduation, and they know that when owners need and pick the new officer, they usually want who man has many experience to other office. Students can make experience, such as visiting other countries, working somewhere, and internship. My friend worked for a long time in one company when she was college student, and then she could get a job to there. Second, they always feel that college fee is very expensive. So they need a lot of money for college life. But they can not work for a long time and every days, Because, they are student, and students have study. Finally, they learn to the value of money. Today, we live in richness of everything. If we want to hold something or want to change such as telephones, MP, and watch, we can hold that from parents or somebody. So, we don't know the value of money. I think that if college students have a part time job, they will grow great man and will change they's life, so a part time job of college students is very important.
Is it important for college students to have a part time job in our country? I agree this opinion. Many college students need money for their school life. They want to do a lot, buy a lot of things, and eat a lot of food. However, they do not have enough money to do everything. So, they should earn the money. However, they cannot have a full time job because they are students the most important thing is studying. So, if they want to work, they should get a part time job. Of course, their parents give money to their son and daughter, but it is not enough to keep their life. Sometimes, when they work the owner does not give money on day. So many students cannot take the money though they work hard. So the country should make the law about this problem, and the owner should follow the this rule, when they hire the part time job students. In conclusion, the law should be made and the students should work hard to earn money for their life.
I think that having part-time job is important to college students, because if we have a part-time job, we can grow up our responsibility. Many adults say that students should study hard rather than spending time on part-time jobs. However, I think part-time jobs of college students as they can learn importance of money and responsibility. The first reason is to get an experience. Working experiences are really important to get a job. Also, students can learn respecting other people. The second reason is to gain a valuable insight about a career. Before I go to real fields of work, I need to learn skills and knowledges for the work place, and I want to see which job is really fit to me. The last reason is to earn money. Many people who is University students want to get their own money, because they can pretty clothes and eat good food. However, we only shouldn't concentrate on getting a money, because we are student yet. We have to focus on studying subjects. Working for money might bother focusing on study, because It costs a lot of valuable time. I think most good way is getting a money in vacation, studying in semester. I believe having a part-time job is very beneficial for college students.
﻿These days, fee of university is expensive. Many students are given to an exhibition or it is difficulty that having a part-time job and going to university. So, I agree to important for college students having a part-time job. First, Grow up students assists of parents. Make your pocket money and fee of university for having a part-time job. Naturally, it is difficult that concentrate of major and it is tired to less of sleeping. Immunity is weak, so you should sick but, everybody parent is not rich. So, they have a part-time job. Second, a part-time job is kind of social life. Therefore, they are experience to social life and after their graduate university, it is important to experience social life. Naturally, university life is community life. But, it is different to having part-time job. Last, you having a part-time job are realized value of money. One is non-having a part-time job; the other is having a part-time job. It is different that wastefully of money. Non-having a part-time job does not realize value of money. But, having a part-time job buy something is think about spend the money. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Therefore, I think I agree to important for college students having a part-time job.
These days, a lot of students have part-time jobs. On the Internet and newspapers, many companies are looking for students to work for them. I don't think, however, it is a good idea for students to work part-time while they are going to school. I also don't think it is necessary, because parents support them and pay for their expenses. In addition, having jobs has some negative effects. First of all, education is difficult and complex. To learn and get good grades, students have to study hard. They have to get up early to attend classes, and do their homework at home. It seems to be easy, but it is busy and hard. If students are working part-time after class, they are going to be tired, so it impacts on the next day. It will have negative effects on studying: they won't concentrate, and they will even be able to doze in class. Finally, it will impact on their grades. Finally, if a student works part-time, he may miss out on the fun of his life. He won't be able to play with his friends and enjoy his own spare time. In other words, if a student spends time on working, he can't enjoy his life. I think that a period of students is the freest time except studying. This is because their parents pay for their expenses, and parents help everything that they want. Therefore, students have to concentrate on studying. In conclusion, students' duty is studying. They have to study rather than work because having part-time jobs has some negative effects as above. A period of students is a favorable time to study.
Many college students have a part-time job today. It is very common circumstances and many students do their part-time job. As a student, I also agree that college students have a part-time job. I will talk about my opinion why I agree that. First, college students will get experiences about social job. They can experience hard and good things. It is very important because social experience is very useful to all people. When they are adult, they have to work and earn money. During they work, they meet many people and would be faced with hard times. So, meeting many people and building experiences are important. Second, they can get their own money. They can buy anything that they want to buy without their parent's help. And they can help their parents as they pay their tuition. If they earn money during vacation, they can get much money. Lastly, they can feel a sense of accomplishment as they do their work. So, they will work well in the future. In conclusion, as they have a part-time job, they can get social experience and help their parents. They are also able to fulfill themselves through their part-time job. So, it is important for college students to get a part-time job.
Have you ever get to part time after teenagers? Most teenagers want to make money without supporting their parents. In my case I could lots of advantages when I worked in a part time job. First of all, I could make different kinds of relationships. As you know, if I got a new circumstance, we could meet many people. Every people makes you learn valuable things whether you like each person or not. Second, I could have good skills from a part time job. If you work at restaurant kitchen, you could cook foods well. Also, if you work apparel store in department store, you could give people good services and could match clothe well depending on each situation or purpose. Finally, you can learn how valuable money is and how to deal with money well. If you take money from your parents, you just waste money easily. However, if you earn money for yourself to buy something, you couldn't use your money easily and think very carefully when you decide to use that. Through my experiences, if you have an opportunity to work in a part time job, you can learn economical advantage and social advantage in your life.
Some people think that teenagers have part-time job is bad. Because they think part-time job is a cause of their low grade. And they even think that the teenagers who do the part-time job are a delinquent student. But I think they are prejudiced. They can learn about economic strength. Besides, part time job has some benefits for teenager. So, in my opinion, teenagers having a job when they are still students are a good way of learning about society. Here are some reasons that why I agree for the teenagers having their jobs. 1 First, teenagers can know the value of money is worth as they earn money themselves. Most of the teenagers and children get pocket money from their parents. But they do anything in order to have money. They don't know how much they worked, and where does the money come from. If they have part-time jobs, they can know about it. So, part-time jobs can help the teenagers to take care of their money. Second, they can learn about many people and economic. For example, teens working in some place like'Starbucks', they can see a lot of kinds of people. Some people are younger than them, but many other people are older than them. They can learn saying, ideas, and attitudes. By doing this, they can be established right values. There are many good places where teenagers can work: convenience stores, fast food restaurants, parking assistants, etc. Teenagers can learn worthwhile things through their part-time jobs in a way they cannot through textbooks, doing assignments. Therefore, I agree with teenagers' job.
I am opposed to doing part-time job. University tuition is too expensive these days a lot of parents worry about. I was working part-time job students. If you want to study part-time lost. Time to study rather ride scholarship to study what is rather more helpful. After all do not work part-time students and students who work part-time gap between the more and more students do not have any money, Nicole, and eventually prevent the phenomenon we go to study. To school part time and paid-cycle phenomenon. Students are not much to make money part time. Part-time job that is not how much money you cannot have a continuing part-time job. Professional training and expertise you need to have a successful community college students go part-time job that does not happen because it is their job later in their areas of expertise are able to use force. Even if it says it's her favorite cursor to the end in the future you will not be a great help in society. So I oppose on part-time college students. If you have a part-time social experience, but do not go for it responsibly. If part-time job may not get the money properly.
I have two opinions of this Topic. And this opinion divided two part of view point. That is, an economic point of view and social point of view. First. Nowadays, College tuition is more expensive than others. So it is a burden to many students and parents who have no money or ordinary people. For this reason. Student should work for making money of college tuition. If students make money for tuition, it will reduce a burden for college tuition. Or students need to make a pocket money. Because, college students is an adult. Now, they need to time of economic independence. And they no more get the money for there's parent. Second. To have a part-time job is indirect experience of social life before we join in society. For this experience, we learned that earning money is very hard and difficult what I experienced before. And we will experience human relationship of social life. In this society, lots of people who have diversity are existed in our society. Through this we can learn how to handle these people who have diversity. And meeting in the diverse people, we can learn development of relationship in the social life. To conclude, to have a part time of job is giving a many experience before join in society
I think it's important to Alba. But it is important to attending university to study Does not interfere with studies, as many will think its okay to Alba. Because now as an adult to raise as much self-reliance seems to be fine Alba. And an allowance for parents and parents but also of the lack a little bit of pressure is the order for you to ease. And I want to buy the stuff if you ask for shoes or clothes, I'm sorry to tell my parents, because every time I buy can be attending the same school girlfriend has come eating and movies as they come because you have to go out looking like the lack of money can do Alba because I think you better and school trips to go and drink beer with my friends because it is a good idea to Alba. University of life they come and junior friends and I will buy will buy the drinks they come to eat and watch movies, exercise of the juniors, because I will buy soft drinks. And you will need for school fare and sometimes you miss bus used to go home to take a taxi, Thank you.
As important as anything to study at university I think it's important to part time job college life. So far we did not experience especially social life. However when part time job experience, we can learn routine social life. Through various part-time jobs may suffer a lot of experience. First is the first career. The second is to find a solution to your problem. Twelve that he was not in the direction you want to think about when you report the problem to study the issues, looking around for advice can be obtained. Here will be able to rise own independence. Third of their advantages and disadvantages can be seen a little more. Determine whether the fourth match any job can be. Vocational Aptitude me what I want, but you cannot fit. Therefore, through part-time job and I really want to know what I want, you can choose to be. Part-time rather than haphazard, but more that they want to meet profession is recommended. The reason being a part-time job, not just a means of making money for his future step is proceeding. Because we constantly strive constantly must strive to survive. Importance of college credits and a part-time job and work hard for your college life will be better to live without regrets.
Many university students having part time jobs. There are many different opinions about part-time job. Some parents think having part-time jobs can affect the students' study, therefore they are not allowed to have part time job. Others think having a part time job is a good social experience. Many students think that they can learn useful skills through various part time jobs. If you work in a supermarket, you can learn how to promote products. If you computer savvy, you can make homepages for additional cash. Also learn how difficult to earn money, then you will be more willing to study and saving money. I believe it is necessary for students to have a part time job for their future. Most of all, encouraging students to participate in a part time job may be beneficial for their future success. To be more specific, student will gain experience of what is like to live throughout the society, which means that they will be prepared for their future as they grow up. Moreover, encouragement for student to participate in a part time job will be positive for their future. Specially, participating in a part time job will not only give experiences but they also will gain money, of which they can spend it on things such as clothing. In addition, they will feel a great accomplishment that they bought things with their own money. So I agree with it.
I agree with part-time job. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Part-time job to help the living parts are different. Part-time job to help you a lot of social life and living allowance for the money and the future is also very helpful. If part-time job during the break to earn pocket money, parents are relieved of the burden. Another part-time job related to my future career and also increases your skill in this matter will be able to do better. I have done part-time job. Will be able to understand the feelings of parents do. Although the body feels tired and difficult, but proud and fulfilled. And worked hard, who will spend the money and one more thought. Learn the importance of money. Part time jobs will meet many people. These people can be friends in the new environment. When you have experienced many things difficult do not give up easily, without frustration. Part-time job, yet never experienced, would like to recommend to anyone. Now I'm busy in school part-time job does. Every vacation is a family might be wise to help. The part-time job for the summer vacation, I try to good challenge!
Part-time job is very necessary for university life. I think that studying hard is more important for students, but they need money even if they do not want which a part time job The student Does not appropriate the own allowance For University life In addition to university students in school will require a lot of things. There are two reasons why do I think a need part-time job First, the part-time jobs for students living a life support. For example, buying books and buying clothes, paying room rental, to enjoy leisure activities with friends will need to. Second, the social life in order is required. Get a lot of social knowledge and will learn how to live. And you have better major skills; you will probably have a perfect part time job. As a result, All the People are not equal but I recommend part time jobs for a University student. While doing part-time jobs, you will not waste your time. And fortunately you use major skills then you found part time job that increase your skills. It's a very good for your studying, knowledge and you earn the money. That's why we should have a part time job
I believe it is important that all of college students have a part time job during vacation. The biggest reason is that a variety of experiences are good for all of college students. Also, students who have a part time job can prepare for the future in advance. I believe students who have a lot of experiences as a part time job will be able to work very well. Next, having a part time job can reduce a lot of burden for student's parents because they make money in their allowance. Even for me, I did a part time job at LG service center during last summer vacation. Therefore, I made much money during 2 months (about 2 million won); I didn't receive an allowance from my father during 8 months. Finally, having a part time job can meet a variety of friends. For example, I did a part time job in Phoenix Park during 2 months 3 years ago. Then, I fortunately met a lot of people, we became dear friends there. In my opinion, I think all of students would better have a variety of chances in much way. For these reasons, I believe that having a part time job is better.
Have you ever done a part time job? Nowadays, a lot of university students work part time job as well as study their major for many reasons, so they are always busy. I think part time job is quite important to university students. First, university students have no money. University students have little opportunity to earn money, because of their status as a student that is hard to get a full time job. In addition, if students' parents are not rich and not give them much money, students are inevitably poor. That means, part time job is source of income for university students and it is very important to them. University students have many places that require money. Above all, the university tuition is really high, so it is hard to student make money for tuition. Furthermore, students should buy several major books every single semester and those books so expensive. Moreover, they need to cost of living and room rent and so on. There are many things that university students should pay money, so to earn money for these things they should have part time job. To university students, the part time job is so important, because they don't have money and have many things that they should pay money. Now, let's have some applause for every student who works part time job and live life to the full.
I really agree about this topic. College Students pays for college tuition is very expensive. Expensive tuition is a burden on the parents. As adults, reducing the economic burden is not unusual. Through the part-time job, Students cannot learn in school can learn social experience. Part-time jobs experience that is indirectly. Part-time jobs make a person high. Students can cultivate a team spirit. And they can cultivate independence. College Students learns the importance of money and they will learn how to save. Some students go to abroad to study foreign language. And outside of school work to do additional experience will be enriched by the economic. For example, go to travel abroad, buy a book, buy shoes, Leisure activities, go to the movie, eat delicious food, buy a girlfriend's gift, buy a parent's present, pay bills etc. Also part-time job helps in the formation of connections and patience is raised. Part-time job will be motivated to study hard. Hard job makes a strong. Studying is important than part-time job. Studying is always more important than many money. This means, there are very effective if done properly. Therefore, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Thank you
It is important for college students to have a part-time job. 215 I agree with that statement. Having a part-time job is good for college students. First, it is a good experience before going to'real social' but also they can practice it what they have learnt in college. Second, they can be independent. I don't know other countries situations but Korea social trend or history in these day is that we are depend on parents until whenever. I know some people will be upset about the statement. Nevertheless it is almost true it So when college student have a part-time job that means you make income even it is small money. You will learn how to make money also you will realize how much difficult to earn money. These experiences will make you have thanked to your parents as well as you will learn about a value of money. These processes make you be independent. Third, having part-time job it will help you get a job. Having a job is a big problem in these days. If you want to get a job, you have to be ready for that position. It means you should have careers before get in the position. From a part-time job, you will face with difficulties and you will make mistakes but also you will have problems with colleagues. All of these experiences will help you get a job. Because practices is better than whatever
Part-time job for this opportunity to have a lot of thought. I should think positively. According to the news these days in the country said not to work. Is the subject of a newspaper can be seen well? That seems to be a lot of college students dropping out of school. I also did. One of the reasons is because the job well should not. It seems just a job after college is like picking stars in the sky. I also have become increasingly worried about day to day job goes. So what a lot of people these days seem to have a business. In addition, because of the nature of the English language and literature had better be dropping out of school. These days most people go to study in 1-2 years. After graduating at a later date, I also think you are going. Although there is much different. I think that should go to seek employment. These days, everyone is great specs. Nevertheless, it is difficult to work. Not a lot of jobs, because there are many good people skills. And I must think positively about part time job. Part-time job seems to be more efficient. This was a lot of thinking through an essay.
I think the part time job is not important for college students It is wasting time to study and they will have low grade in test. Also they doesn't have time to do they are homework And they are going to part time job at night or morning They will be tired or exhausted. Then they slept in the class Or they can't concentrate in class. And they want money for what? They earned money for tuition? Some students are working at night for tuition of college. But other students are working for they are leisure time. They doing part time job, earned money and they spend it For travel the club, buy a jewel or elect, and drinking with them are friends And they not interested in class. They have low attendance rate of class. Reason of this things, I disagree the part time job for college students These things are not much necessary things for college students. And they don't have to do part time job except poor students They must quit the part time job, and they doing best for they are class or homework It is the best way for college students that don't doing part time job.
I don't agree this statement. Of course student have a part-time job is a good phenomenon. But that is not everything. Outside activity is waiting. Going to the mountain, sea, palace is good activity for student. But nowadays, part-time job is required student. Registration fee is so high; student is finally seeking a part-time job. But don't mind registration fee, do not important part-time job. Many people think that part-time job is good experience and earn money. I agree this statement. But the world is many experience activity. For example, habitat and volunteer, travel etc. Part-time job is not entire to campus life. Student has to broaden think. Some student is regret to campus life. That's why concentrate on study. Afterward, he saw the past life, don't remain thing. So, campus life is finally return to me. Twenty is most important time anyone. Time is not return. I want to go to abroad and meet a friend. And understand different culture. Additionally, reading a book is enjoying another travel. Book is solving no time and no money. Absolutely part-time job is important is wrong. Anywhere doing activities and make up experience. Maybe people think abnormal activity is good to me college student. The world is wide and a lot of doing things.
A part time job is not a job. Usually young people do the job. In Korea made a rule which is the basic salary for the people. It's 4320won. In addition the employer also gives the basic salary. The employees make smaller money than that work time and the work is very hard. However there are so many jobs and there are many employees. Young people or a person doesn't have professional qualification or idea cannot regular job. Because regular jobs need a professional idea for their company. Why student need a part time job? They need money to buy something. The university tuition is very expensive. They don't want their parents have to take heavy responsibility so they want to make their pocket money. In the other hand Another student needs their tuition. They have made their own fees. When I was a high school student I just wear a uniform or school t-shirt and eat food which given by school. However university student is different. We need more everything. We need clothes which are not uniform and we have to eat different place which we have pay. In conclusion a part time job is personal choice. The people who need money can get a job.
After graduating from high school and had hamburgers and pizza at the store part-time job. Most of the women responsible for the counter in the kitchen, but I was responsible for a burger. In the kitchen and everyone except me was the man. More responsible in charge of kitchen counter and helped me, but a lot of men. Working one month and earned 640, 000 won. But the money disappeared in less than one week. I'm making money as a gift to my parents and my grandfather gave to the allowance of 50, 000 won. Although little money, really pleased with my grandfather looked at me proud. For the rest of the money spent to buy my clothes. I will bring this summer, but is also part-time. I really like a cafe called peulyirago. I want to work there. Nice and bright personality, because I can do well might wonder. And I bet the boss is because it is precise and calculated. Again, the money earned will be gifts to the family. My dad is a part-time job, but I do not like haneungeot. I hope to concentrate on my studies. But I do not think so. I've learned many things, even if the first byte. Part-time in my life would be very helpful, I think.
I don't agree Topic B. I think that it is not important for college students to have a part-time job. What all student have to do is study hard. We pay university tuition at university in order to go university. But university tuition is expensive. Most of the students don't have a lot of money. So many students receive university tuition and living expenses from their parents. If students' parents do not have money for paying university tuition, students don't go university and take a class. Even they cannot see their friends. To go university, many students seek jobs. Or they drop out their university. If students have a part-time job day and night, they can't continue to take a class because they can't spent time in studying. All university students will lead to the world in the future. Many people said that "If students don't have a lot of money for paying university tuition, they can receive scholarship in the university. " But what many students receive scholarship is difficult. Because scholarship is little money than university tuition. We need to remember, a duty of all students is to study hard. So the nation has to support university tuition to students.
Part time job I want to! I do not part time job not yet. But If I will have chance, I must do part time job. Because that is really helpful me. I had done just serving assistant in institution. When I was 17 years old. It was very special memory. I had good relationships with teacher and many students. I handed out many paper and I checked their paper about question right or wrong. I learned many social relationships. As a result many teachers in institution liked me. They taught I seem like very dependence person. And my grade also good. During part time job, I was very interesting. Just interesting and not hard and not painful. But while midterm exam and final exam, I was so tired but I could patient. When I gave money of one month working, I really was happy. That money, I bought my bicycle and I gave money my parent. Especially I bought delicious food and new shoes and many things. Spending money was very fun. I felt I want to get more money. And I want to use them. And I quieted my first part time job, because I became a high school student third grade. SO I prepare entrance test. I concentrated in study.
I think students should have a part time job. I agree that studying hard is more important for students. For studying, however, we need lots of money. For that, we need a part time job. There are three reasons why I should have a part time job. First, school expenses are never cheap and a room rent is so expensive. My parents are charged with all of them. For parents, I should have part time job, so I earn my pocket money. That is the first reason I should have a part time job. Second, I have to spend money for buying books, clothes and others. Every day, I have to meal. Sometimes, I hang out with my friends. When I do these things, I need a lot of money. That is the second reason I should have a part time job. Third, I should have better English skills for taking a better job, so I have to go to an academy. Sometimes, I want to do something like a hobby. These days, prices are so expensive. If I want to do something, need lots of money. That is the third reason I should have a part time job. In conclusion, I should have a part time job because of these reasons. School expenses and room rent are expensive, so I should earn my pocket money for parents. I spend money for buying many things. When I want to do something or have better English skills, I need a lot of money. That's why I should have a part time job.
Agree. The right of college students works part-time activity holidays are increasing. According to a news article to one thousand people to target college summer break, wanted to achieve the plan, according to the survey, spending money, earning a 72. 9 percent tuition fees to reflect the reality of the problem was. Part-time and part-time college students can be required not only for real I'll describe. Because college tuition is too expensive. A lot of money to cover college tuition is required In order to pay college tuition with a part-time work is considered necessary Difficult family circumstances, students might feel more part-time work is desperately. Part-time it that affects school life is not just unreasonable. Frankly, as adults in mind to write to my parents take riding allowance Students will be higher. Gong don now wears a spiked jeottohan thinking mind can feel comfortable and part-time job on weekends. It's late at night on weekends, weekdays, except for a part-time work in conjunction with the schools not adversely affect gutty to think. If you're talking about things really were perfect part-time colleges students keep on. Is an essential means of part-time jobs for students? Therefore, the students agree to work part-time
I work part-time during vacations to keep up to the pros Is not the wealthy family's home, because you help your parents and some of the economic power Back to School after one use in personal expenses because of? And what kinds of difficult and hardship in the future because when you may easily. As a part-time job, I also felt a lot because a lot of hardship while. Been working hard, so they told us to conserve cash to don't know. We also know that a lot of things that I felt nothing because knowing. When I was a kid my parents a lot of work ahead and have to run with such a terrible imposition. So many friends and have nothing to try to try the easiest thing to try even imagine how difficult Was tried before a dirty one. And when my girlfriend on a date in order to raise money to go to work and the money was earned to date. And after graduation, while doing little things related to major pre-Learn more involved in the work, because I know I could go part-time work during holidays to keep up to vote. At least in my opinion for now. Thank you.
I think that the college students need a part time job indeed. Because college students need more experience before they are members of society and they must do more experiences. Of course study is very important to the college student, but the college student must know the outside of society and must experience. When I was twenty, I first get a part-time job in front of my college. It was coffee shop. I haven't known about coffee, so I really worried about that can I do well? I tried to do well. About six months I nearly worked every day except the weekend. At first I was so hard that quit a part time job. But I thought that if I quit a part time job now I can't do anything after graduate the college. So I tried to work hard more. And then I was accustomed to a part time job. I knew about coffee and I learned patience. I realized how I can treat the guests. It will be precious experience in society. I will continue a part time job until graduating the college. I want every college student works a part time job and then they get a precious experience. In conclusion, I recommend a part time job.
Nowadays, many college students have a part-time job. There are various part-time jobs. For example, Convenient store, bar, restaurant, gas station, department store and so on. Many students go to work part-time after school. We need to see whether these part-time jobs have a good effect on college students. There is no reason to oppose working a part-time job. I suggest college students should have put motive of part-time job not earning money but getting hands-on experience. Part-time job is paid hourly. So it is difficult for students to make a lot of money. Time can be spending easily. It isn't desirable for students to earn much money, because they have to do much work. Younger days Time is also very important. I agree that hand-on experience is more effective than lecture-based learning. On account of part-time job, many college students can learn the society and be a wise man. Thanks to part-time job, many college students can learn socialization. They actually do a part-time job and earn money. This process makes the students find a real society. Earning money do college students good. Because earning money is difficult, student save money. Owing to diver's experience, students can learn to be sociable. Part-time job help people realize labor relation, the ways of the world. But, it is desirable to keep out of the way when students study major. I am of the opinion that Students should not forget duty as a student. Simple real experience made our live stimulate and have a good impact on ours. But above all, Study is more important than part-time job. Personally, I think that part-time job is useful in regard to sociality and various hands-on experiences. What it comes down to that it is important that part-time job should fit in study.
I disagree to take a job of part time when you are not only a student, but also you are unemployed in the latter. Because I think part time job as making machine that makes time trash. Of course, if you need some money emergently or immediately, part time job properly became good choice to solute your emergency situation, but if you are in good condition that you don't need temporary money and your parents bring up you with patrons such as giving some food to you, putting some clothes on you, offering the resting-place to you.. Or so on, I think you had better bring up your ability for your future. If you are offered some rest time that you don't know what you have to do such as after the graduate or Military services, or in the vacation of summer and winter, Don't be afford to think about taking a part time job, but be afford to think about your future. You must contemplate what you is eagerly admire to do in your future, find something interesting to you and foster your admirable ability for your future. If you find your answer and try hard to keep your ability up step by step, not take a part time job, you can never regret using your precious time which considerably thinks about your future. Invest yourself rather than invest worthless things.
I think the part time job must need our current life. Because the part time job is very good experience before we have a job. During the part time job, we can learn communication skill as meet many different people and we know how money is important. However, I think that our purpose change to do the part time job. Recently, our purpose to do part time job is because of pay tuition. In the past, we experienced before we have a job. But recently we supply to pay tuition. By doing the part time job, we can know about notion of money and a way to treat people. The part time job help that we learn many things. For example, we can meet various people and we can learn responsibility for work. Also, it is perceived economic notion. I think the part time job is also a kind social life. We can get many things during the part time job. If we did it hard, we could get money that much. And we can meet many people during it. So it can be worth experience to us. So I think we experience the part time job before getting employment.
Part-time college students these days, ranging from high school, many students is finding a temporary job by working part-time social life of their own to make money and maybe I'm able to leave as the first step There are tough to part-time job because of them, but perhaps the biggest reason Keep up with tuition for college students to earn part-time job, I suppose Country's college students due to the expensive tuition fees to give up their own development and on vacation when the busy everybody wants to work part-time Students develop their own country because of it to give up a lot of money, the reality is that only through a part-time job, though usually experience a social life, and also gain experience different, but it is not the purpose of part-time job just to make money but rather that if deukyiahnin thread. For self-development that you do not want to invest their time and work wear Under stress or have time to prepare for the future because it eliminates Therefore, part-time in the future, giving you an opportunity to challenge themselves onto the other aspects include tuition just to get the means to remain in Part-time in her life that will help you in the future. Halsuitneun his profession and to associate the idea that the best way
Agrees to work part-time college student. Part-time work and gain experience, you can earn money. So it's a long shot, but I seem to be worthwhile. If you want to work part-time at the cafe I. If part-time job in a cafe can also see a variety of guests You can make coffee, too. Eat a lot of cafes and coffee is a space story Have fun because it seems and I want to try in restaurants. Friends of the caution, you become a part-time job in a restaurant in Was fun. May seem difficult, but as a part-time job Was fun. I work part-time and then have fun I hope the money and earned nothing. I am in favor of that part-time and If you are a part-time job will be a great experience. I am a good experience I want to try. I try to work part-time wedding hall came from. When couples get married I was feeling. Wedding is a part-time job in a very good mood. If part-time or at Wedding Dress Guide Will hold. Guide was fun, but if you go anywhere. After the ceremony it was very hard to clean up. After the wedding hall and went home to clean the entire. I think as you have a very tough day at home.
We had graduated from high school Mart was doing in There was little girl was about a handful of students Part-time salary was hard to come in because a lot of Were part-time hours a week, 1:00 to 10:00 for 10 hours of labor were to be in front of refrigerator eumryoda I kkyeoipeoya a lot of clothing because it was cold and fever in the middle of the adage dentition in charge of the bar, but in order to complete all missions ahpeunmom lead goes to work, So it kind of a memorable, once again to try you want to work part-time is the I taste was responsible for Korea, the best figure athletes Kim dear to advertise drink Puree's tasting was a cup on the Pure-along people a little taste can view a system A lot of adults to think the chapter is mainly Saga syeotgo against children taste drinks were purchased to be a long time because on the sore leg, but valuable time had been a difficult year through part-time jobs often feel as if you can make money first You having a social naedineun the first step of life feel like a potted plant inside the greenhouse yiyeotda did not know growing up at home, social life, but that's not challenging Roger Valuable time was precious time was
I agree with students have part time job. These days in worldwide already all students have part time job. It is having a several reasons. First reason is to help their parents, due to expensive tuition; parents are working at workplace for students. So they are should do a little work. Second reason is experiencing a several works, to learn living way this society and to acquire tip of to survive the world. To learn these days how much do people are so selfishness, and students do these part time job. The last reason is in the future students for employment must service intern that relative to major. Recently many students are interning because for their specification. Collecting specification is rising among the companies as companies want to accomplish employees but I want for students only not doing to collect the specification. Accumulating students various experience to have challenge and passion. When they are doing they desiring work, I want to that students has more the dreams and more plentifully passion and desire, so more hard to study and to learn. As a result working students are very good in development of society and growth of themselves. I want a many students have part time job.
I have several part-time jobs during college. I worked pubs, pizza hut, and restaurant. I was at a restaurant serving guests and guidance. I made pizza and spaghetti. At Pizza Hut and I was cleaning the kitchen. While I work in a variety of pubs and ate the world beer there was a great experience while working part-time was a new experience. Meet new people a good friend, brother, sisters were dating. And the best part about is the money that occurs. I like bananas, apples, strawberries, pineapple, oranges, and tomatoes. By the way I like it a lot and ate the food in the shop. Even though there were bad times when a part-time job. When there were a lot of guests i was really tired. 23 years old last time i experience a part-time job experience. Part-time job in itself is assumed to be a good experience. If you work part-time you will learn to be patient. And to will earn any money. With that money, parents, brother, sister, brother, friend, teacher is received gift you could always give a gift. And that money is just use for you. When college part-time job as a good experience, I think.
I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Almost students entrance into a university when they are 20 years old. 20 years old is legally adult in Korea. It means they have to keep duty of adult. Many people say if they graduate high school and entrance university, they will play without parents or other people's inference. I also think like that, but it's thoughtless remarks. When I was a freshman in 2006, I didn't care about part-time jobs. I thought it is natural thing that I get a pocket money from my parents. When I finished 2 semester in university, I entered the military. At that time I was in there, I learned I have to disburden my parents mind to my college tuition and pocket money, because I'm a adult who take the responsibility about my life. So since I finished my military service, I have decided I have to get part-time job. I worked in school kind of scholarship student during the semester and I worked in factory in vacation. My parents still help me as paying college tuition, but I earned pocket money by myself. I think this is the duty that I have to keep. In short, when we enough grow to become independent, we have to earn money from part-time job and earn money. Although part-time job can interfere with studies during the semester, but appropriate part-time job like weekend work makes you rich and confident to your parents.
I think part-time job is very important in some students. Because they are very poor. So some students will have to pay expensive fees earned directly. For this reason, it is very important for campus students. If part-time job not, because they can't afford to pay the tuition fees. Other students that doing part-time job spend to buy clothes or to play with friends. Know the importance of money and can spend some free time more interesting. And while part-time jobs are also usually experience social advance. So I think it is important to campus students. But many people say'it does not important. 'They say, rather I get a scholarship to study and better.... Of course, if I can get scholarships, good grades, but it is not easy to do, and you can study while working part-time enough to think we can get a scholarship. Of course, I think a part-time job is to decide for you. And when they do not work part-time for any reason. They are also a part-time job is its own reason. Paying tuition, Savings money or buying clothes, etc. Because of these good things, I think you need a part-time college students are. So I agree on this topic.
I think it is very good experiment. It will be a course of part time job. And for students who don't have money are very necessary. Job that we will get is not much. But part time job is very variety. We will choose a job, and do that. It is good point for part time job. It is ok when we fail it. Because it is an exercise for get a good job. We are teacher many thing to do this. And it will be very important worth for life. If we don't have money, we must do part time job. I did, too. Part time job is very hard and tired. But it was nice experiment. I have not ever been this experiment during my life. When I was getting money through part time job, I was very happy. I can go shopping; hang out with my friend this money. It is big pleasure. But I think Korea's part time job is more difficult than other century. Because Korea's input of part time job is very cheaper than other century. I think Korea's part time job input need to increase. If it will be, part time job is happier.
Part time job is form of employment that works hours per week or month. There are many sort of work. For example, serve in restaurant, tutor students, work in cafe and so forth. Trough part time job, you experience new thing and job that want to work. You can experience that can't feel at school. Also you can make money yourself as an allowance or school expenses. Many university students do part time job for their tuition fees. I worked in pizzamaru 1 year ago. I worked 11 hours on weekends. I made pizza and worked in counter. I had to stand all day. Making pizza was difficult to me. I worked in cafe. I took an order and made coffee. It was easier than pizzamaru. I also worked in Amor pacific. In here, I packaged the products like shampoo, toothpaste and cosmetics and so on. I worked in 8 hours a day. I stood all day and took a break 15 minutes every 3 hours. I was really tired. I felt that making money is very hard and doing service industry is very stressful. I think part time job is should try for your experience. You have to experience more than once.
I'm all for college students to have a part-time job. These days Korea society many college students are part-time job. The category of business a part-time job is recently various. Besides, the capital became large. The study is important in college life. But when I think the allocation of hours in university life as possible combination of part-time job and study is possible. College students Jump in part-time job have a variety of reasons. Part-time job is reveals the importance of labor. Also can expand your network that can have a positive and outgoing personality. Difficulty in one's youth is worth enough to pay for. I think part-time job through a social experience based on the social life of the future can be social studies. When was young a lot of experience and social life is more mature, quickly and greet afterwards likely to succeed. Trying a lot of experience as we can find the right job aptitude. Based on the experience of part-time job and joined the company can handle the job efficiently and quickly. Fees earned it individual or household income growth helps and relieves the financial burden of parents. Learned the value of money and will help bring the spirit of conservation. Therefore I think part-time job experience of college life is important to us.
I agree with this comment positively. Allowance is an important means of part-time students. If he asks for money because my parents I'm sorry if part-time and vacations a lot of time in space, you can try a lot of very, very nice easy. to. Hard to make a lot of money by working part-time and vacations come hang out with my friends to go there with my parents to buy him a gift can is to act as a true son, brother. Depression called a game these days I'm sorry to my parents also seureopgo beolrigi hands working to earn my own money, as will be more proud. These days, half tuition is an awful lot of protest. So many students lack the money and are in desperate need of part-time job can be difficult. Very hard to work part-time and vacations and a lot of saving your money and vacations and relaxing after-school and has the advantage of living may be. I tried it until now because a lot of part-time job a part-time work is difficult to know how much money is difficult because lack of part-time students must be sure. I agree on this issue is unconditionally
I need part time job. My parent often said to me. You should do par time job when you are young. That was hard to you and painful. \ But It will grow up you very nicely. I agree my parent's opinion. So I want to get a part time job this summer vacation. Already I got a part time job. My part time job is our country working scholarships. So I will work in our school's library. I was so lucky guy. Het a part time job in our library many competitions apply but I win that is very happy. I am very proud and think me really hard and hard to work never disappointment to worker in library. I want to be very useful person and worker holmic and career man. I do not know that I want to be not yet, but I can imagine my future and my future's job. I have an on dream... That is I want to be a doctor. In this time I will work library. That's experience must be my basic and save my body and my brain. So Whenever I get a chance to work part time job, I will do everything.
I disagree. The student assimilates knowledge rapidly. so It is imperative that students should put their hearts and soul into their studies Also, they need self-improvement. I disagree on college students to have a part - time job. A proper way is pay one's registration fee in installments or school expenses, educational expenses, tuition. So I think that most of students study hard more than have part time job. As mentioned above student is to recognize the talent and individuality of each student and to develop him finally it behooves students to study. Many University Students do part-time-job. They are juggling part-time jobs and hours of homework every night; sometimes they're so exhausted that they're nearly asleep in early-morning classes. Recently Part-time jobs, homework, school activities and friends often are prioritized higher than is sleep. Many Students working part-time to pay for his school expenses. Currently, the major issue among college students is tuition. Some students began protesting against tuition fee rise by refusing to attend classes in other University. Tuition has raised a lot. College tuitions hovered between 5 and percent. So we have to a part-time-job for student fees. Korea's University is going mad I think. Student's fee is very Expensive Just I think.
It is important for college students to have a part-time job. These days, university fee is very expensive. So, my parents is very difficult in financial. Having a Part-time job is helping my parents. And part-time job have a variety experience. I think Part-time job is small society. So we learn about society. I have a part-time job, too. Every weekend, I go to the Spaghetti house, Piatto. In fact, serving is tired and get a stress. But, I have a pride in Piatto and make some friends. And I earn some money. So, I'm happy to work at Piatto. Part-time job gives fun and interesting. College students should not be studying. I think that college students are has variety experience is important. We will have a job. Part-time job give an elementary to get a job in my future. We earn some money that gives me economic Concepts. I think that is important for college students to have a part-time job. It gives me pleasure and experience. Part-time job has a lot of benefits. I want many students have a part-time job. And I want work in Piatto manager. Part-time job gives future dream. I want much part-time job experience.
Do you have a part time job? I have a part time job. What do you think about get a part time job? Why are you doing part time job? First, do you have a part time job? The answer is Yes, I am. I have a part time job because I want make some money for buy something. I'm interested in information technology. So, if I want buy IT products, I must earn the money for buy it. This is the reason, why I have a part time job. Second, what do you think about get a part time job. Most unit students want get a part time job. These days, the school expenses are very high. Many of students are worried about their school expenses. Many of people are get a part time job for many reasons. What line of work are you? There are so many kinds of part time job. For example, do you want work in office? If you have a way with computer, you can do it. Do you want make some money in a hurry? You'd better looking for hard working. A construction worker, work at a distribution center, etc. Although easy job is less earns money than hard job, I think you'd better choice easy job because if you work at easy job, you can earn more important thing than money. It is gold time. Study and prepare for your future Gold time is invest your future.
I think that Korean part time job culture should be changed. Because, the minimum wage system of our country is due to be very lower than the other country. In addition, it is very low the service of them. In the case of the near country Japan, the service is good with the compensation for the part time jobs. So, in our country, the opinion about the part time job and thought has to be changed. There will be lots of the person work the part-time job among the college students in our country. In addition, the high school students experience many part time job experiences. However, there will be more lots of the effect that the idea after their experiences is bad than the good Positive Impacts. This shows the present condition of the part time job of our country. Therefore, the government in our country has to enhance the part time job improving of environment and minimum wage. In this way, the part time job culture of our country develops only when installing. It will be equal with the part time job culture including the other America or Japan, and so on. This is sure to when being the technical goal of the invention to install, and then it is the intractable problem. The we, moreover, it has to be the awareness about the part time job good and the more developmental method has to be thought.
I'm disagreeing that students' have a part time job. Sometimes students are forced to because they come from a low-income family and that have to contribute to the family's income. I will not allow my future children to have part-time jobs while they are in high school or college. School is a full-time job. I would want them to be completely dedicated to their studies. When they come home from high school, they will have several hours of studying and homework to do. Why would I want to add more stress and pressure on them? They also need at least a couple hours to unwind, relax and have free time during the week. The weekend should be for studying and recharging their batteries, not wasting time and energy on a part-time job. They can learn job skills later on after they graduate college. However, if I were an admissions person at a college I would give a lot of understands for the poor kids that were forced to have a part-time job. I would cut them some slack if their grades weren't up to standards because I would understand how much higher grades they could have had if they didn't have to have a part-time job.
Have you ever worked as part-timer while you study your major in university? A lot of university students have worked at various area of place such as restaurant, theater, store and so on. ]The majority of students worked after class or when they have enough time. As working, students can make money and experience regarding major or style of living. I think that it is important for university students to have a part-time job in several reasons. First, university students can make extra money except for pocket money from parents. I had worked a lot of place such as Masaya, Baskinrobbins 31, Crispy Crème, Mr. Pizza, save zone and so on. As working, I could have had installment savings and paid a charge of cell phone myself. So, I lighten my parent's burden. Furthermore, students who earn an own tuition have been increasing. Second, we can learn about style of living at working place. When I was part-timer at work place, I have to greet politely, face kindly and smile always to customers. So, I was changed more kindly and calmingly than before. Also, I could have patience for people. If you waste your extra time, challenge part-time job. You can lighten your parent's burden and learn about upright personalities. Summer vacation is coming. What are you doing now? Just do it!
Most College students want to have their job after they are graduated university. But students have no carrier. This is fault. However, students think that study is most important thing. That is not true. Experience is important. Students need know what people want. Part time job is good opportunity. Students can learn how to work. Experience is worth than studying. Company doesn't want people only one. They need creative people. Also part time job is good way that you earned money. Most students need money. Because they need book for study, they have to buy them, and they need something for school life. Ago they work, If they have part time job. They don't spend money a lot. They know that money is worth. I know it is hard to study and part time job. But part time job is benefit for you. When you are interviewed, you have advantage. Interviewer thinks you are qualified. Modern society wants talented people. You should have part time job. You have good opportunity. Be brave. Do you want competent person? Find your part time job. It is no time waste. You can good memory. I have worked part time job. Sometimes you feel tired.
I do emphasize that it needs all college students if you have a time. It has many merits which know in the future. Now you are grown up and help you get many experiences which can help you choose the best occupation. It can be piled up one by one from now on. This is very important for me because I have no any experience now. Graduate the high school when I was a final grade of high school student. At that time, I have enough time to what I want to do. So I decide to get the part time job. I worked in a very little office in the building. That's the first time of part time job. It was very useful because I met lots of people who were older than me. They taught me lots of skill what they know when I met difficult thing. And tell me about him or her selves. I think it was helpful to me but that was very easy. At there, there was a man who responsible to us from first to the end. He was very kind and versatile man. So I got many but I helped a lot that I don't have an opportunity to stand myself and solve the thing by myself. So in this summer vacation, I will try to get much hard job than before. So I think it can be very useful and helpful for my experience.
I think that college people have to have a part-time job, but they have it for vacation only. Because most of student are using parents money usually. I mean parents invest money for our future or dream. Therefore, in the vacation, we make A pocket money for rewarding a favor. Of course, if your parents don't pay tuition financially, you have to have a part-time job in the term-time. But if you are not in that situation, I would like to recommend concentrating study in the term-time. If we don't focus on studying, We would not have a good grade. After all, we don't have a good job. It is not good way. It just recycles the bed situation. It is not only way to make a money. For instance, you study hard in the term-time; you will get scholarship from university. And, you can have a part-time job for weekend. And your routine life, you save money. Don't waste your money. I mean that the part-time job doesn't disturb your future or dream and many ways is exist to reduce a pressure for your parents. After all, in my opinion, college student's part time job is an option for vacation. If you have a worrisome for parents, you have to take a good job, and pay back parent's investment. In the term-time, college student have a right to study hard.
Do you think part time job is good for you? I don't think so. These days many students want to have a part time job even high school students. When u went to high school, my friends had a part time job. So she can't concentrate study and class. She wanted to sleep. Her friendship drifted apart. In university, most of people have a part time job. Some people want to make their pocket money. On the other hand, they earn their school expenses by part time job. Because of they don't want to receive parent's money. But they are also can's concentrate their study. And sometimes they forgot their assignment. But sometimes part time job has good effect like they build their experience. And they work harder and they take the first step toward social life. But it is no good to high school student. When I go outside I can see many high school students work to wear high school uniforms. Some old people see that situation, they thought no good for their health and how to think. Why they want to part time job? Because of they want to buy some expensive things. So I think part time job are good and bad. But I don't want to suggest part time job during semester. If they want to something to buy, we can use vacation!
Agree. College students cannot avoid the reality of the part-time job to think. The biggest reason that college tuition is a problem. College tuition is too high for many students to pay. According to one survey, 73% of the students are planning to work at a part-time job in this summer vacation. Many university students say it's too hard to make money. According to a newspaper article college student's work part-time wages are low. This is also a part-time college students need to break is the reason. Because, if you do not collect enough money to have low wages. A possible solution then, is to lower college tuition. This is a problem now and will be replaced in the future. And, students will increase their hourly rate is also a solution. We will deal with exactly this problem. Ever-increasing college tuition for a student to spend on the street. How much of a social experience as a part-time job, but keep up with the problem of tuition I do not think the poor. Soon as possible to find a good solution should be a healthy college student initiatives. To that end, we all must strive constantly interested. If so, good results soon reinforce.
Part time job is convenient work. This is for student, office worker, etc people that have deficient time. Student can make tuition with part time job; Office worker can make living-expenses too. I'm working to part time job too. I'm working at meat restaurant. I work to wash many hot grills for 8 hours. I'm so hard but in payday I'm very happy. The pay is used my pocket money. So I don't receive pocket money from my parents. Also sometimes, office workers work to part time job. They are usually low income salaried employee. Because of inadequacy living-expenses they work to part time job. Part time job is finding of fantastic form to work for them. Also for employers is good too. They sometimes need to employ person at weekend, holiday. Because like the day, many restaurant is very busy. Therefore they employ the part time job worker. If there are a few workers at weekend and holiday, they are obstinate. Thus for employer as well as employee, part time job a useful form of work. I agree the part time job. It is a convenient work form. If part time job disappear, worker is poorer, employee is harder. Part time job is helpful, valuable in various ways.
I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are many reasons for me to agree that. First, we cherish money. By having a part-time job, we will know that it is hard to earn money. So we cherish money. Also we will spend money more effectively. I had a part-time job last 3months. I tutored students in academy at that time. It is fun to me. I tutored 2days per week but I have no free time because of too much assignments. So I quitted that part-time job. After I had a part-time job, I cherish money. It is good experience for me. Second, we become independent. If we have a part-time job, we earn money ourselves. So we become independent economically. Also Our parents save money. Because we earn allowance ourselves. Third, part-time job offer social experience. So we can experience society before we are part of social member. However, if we have too many part-time job to disturb studying, part-time job is not good experience anymore. I think having one part-time job is enough in case of tutoring students. In conclusion, it is good for college students to have a part-time job.
Part-time job is optional thing for college student, but almost college student have it obligatorily. The first reason why they should have the part-time job is that they need lots of money for college tuition and college life. Tuition is very high in my country. So some students take off the school to earn the tuition. Other students have part-time job and go to school at the same time in order to supplement tuition. Also college students need more money to get together with their friends and enjoy cultural life. They usually earn extra money by doing part-time job. The second reason is to live by oneself. Some students, especially men, have to earn money to live without economical help from their parents. They achieve financial independence so they have to have part-time job for living. Therefore, having a part-time job is obligatory for some students in this situation. The third reason is to experience all kinds of thing through part-time job. There are thousands of part-time job, ranging from a physical work to a delicate work. College students can experience various works according to choosing what kind of work. It can help them consider what they want to do.
College students need lots of money because they have to pay tuition fee. Also they need fee of transportation and they have to buy lunch. All these expenses are very big deal to students. Registration of school is very expensive. Many students receive money from their parents but it is limited. Therefore, having a part-time job is required by students. Students can help their parents' worry by doing a part-time job. Even students are busy for school works, they can feel satisfaction. In my case, my parents give me money once a month. I have no part-time jobs. I have to spend money for reasonable price every time. Sometimes, I want to buy a brand-new clothe or an expensive bag. But my pocket has limit so I can't buy something that written on my wish list. If I have a part-time job, I can buy clothes or a bag. However, having a part-time job makes me tired and very busy so I don't want to have a part-time job. Gathering money is easier to me than earning money. On the other hands, in summer vacation or winter vacation, that is exception. In my free time like vacation, I find a part-time job because just I'm free!
Today, many college students have a part-time job for several reasons. It is important for college students to have a part-time job because it can give us skills from experience and preparing for society. First, we can learn some skills from part-time job experience. These skills will helpful for future work. we can use these skills after we got a work. And it'll make one's work great. For this, part-time job for college students is important. Next is preparing for future. Students should prepare for the future. When we have a prat-time job, we can study how to handle with other people. The environment of part-time job is a little society. When we work there, we can make a relationship with others. By practicing this, we can prepare for future work, when we enter real society. So, part-time job for college students is important. Some people may say that it is a waste of time, but it is not. We can learn a lot of things from part-time job. As I told you before, we can studying how to work when we are in company, also we can preparing for future work and relationship. So, it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
Nowadays, to have a part time job is not optional but necessary. Sometimes we have not only just one part time job but also more than one. There are several reasons for you to have part time jobs if you are a college student now. Firstly, experience of working can give you other sorts of learning of life. College student is very proper period of life to learn society before you get into. You can learn several facts, such as enjoyment of earning, hardness of working, what capabilities you have, and so on, and these experiences would help you to select better job and make your future better. Second, today's payment of being provided universities education is so expensive. If you are under pressure of expensive payment, having part time job may help you in terms of economical and psychological aspects. Lastly, to have part time job can help your life more active. Sometimes college students lose their life tension because they can enjoy and arrange their daily life freely, compared to high school life. This fact is actually good, but it often makes college students not to do any useful behavior in their free time. If you have a part time job or more, you can learn arrange your daily life time smartly, because there is something you have to do. In conclusion, if you have a part time job, it surely helpful to you and your future although sometimes there are hard and tired events. However, every experience you would have make your future shinier even it is hard, eventually.
It is a duty of a college student to learn how to get money and use it. Also, it's a right that college student have to enjoy the chances of experiencing several jobs. First of all, college students have to learn to live for themselves. They have to practice how they earn money and how they should organize their money for their adulthoods' life. When someone was in a junior-high or a high school before he or she go to a college, they might had been fed by their parents. Except only some cases of people, parents usually support their kids when their kids are in their adolescents. They didn't have chances to prepare the adulthood. Therefore, college students would better have part-time jobs and learn to control the economic parts of their life. Secondly, only when people are in their college students' age, they can do variable things with small burden. If they graduate from the college, they have to be employed or find their professional. They don't have chances to experience something with that small burden. Therefore having a part-time job is a kind of right that only college students can access to it easily. It is important and necessary for college students to have part-time jobs.
When we become university students, we want to get some part time jobs in restaurants, convenience stores and so on. We can get various part time jobs from the Internet sites like Albamon, Albachungook. We can experience various things. I can tell you part time job is a useful experience by next three reasons. First of all, we can learn sense of independence. When we are students, we just accepted money from parents so we couldn't know exactly the worth of money. By experiencing these part time jobs, we can earn some money without parents' help. Secondly, we can show our talents by part time jobs. For example, we can teach some students by private tutoring. It can get in Internet easily. It can be valuable experiences. Third, the part time job can be a social experience. We are preparing the future dreams, so we can experience early that from part time jobs. It's important to build our careers. Nowadays, many part time jobs are offered by various media, so we can choose one of them. Although all of part time job are not good, we can learn more things useful. I mean to say that we can learn sense of independence, talents and social experiences.
﻿Frequently, employers will exclude certain groups of employees from participation in a retirement plan. These might be groups of employees located in a certain plant or state. Half-price tuition protests if the community abuzz. Our College students back to my drives is formidable enough level of tuition. Registration cracked college student's half-price tuition: pushing much earlier to float above the college tuition college student's work part time as a field. College student's work part time to the degree of autonomy for survival than it is drastic is akin to a wiggle. These college students ggobneun best part time is right and many others. Need time to prepare, but compared to the general part time hourly pay is Center is pretty good on the flexible schedule time to study. (www.***. com) Tutoring industry no. 1 steady the extracurricular save site and innovation. 50 million members the tutor teacher and tutoring student connection between. In addition, the tutoring industry only all students and to determine whether the addition and then provides the correct information, from repeated inaccurate information, and so on shortcomings, and complements a 100% reliable tutoring site is the location of the. So We can find part-time. Thank you for listener.
I'm all for part time job. Todays, Most of the students are having a part time job because they can't live with pocket money of their parent. And we don't have enough money to go to university. Entry money is so expensive, too. So we cannot but having a part time job. I have a part time job, too. If the entry pay will be low, We don't have to get a part time job. But, now. The entry money is expensive. so poor students should have a part time job. And It will help to raise an independence. While we are having it, we can earn some money for myself. For an example, it will be good to have such experience of working at a store, when they want to open such stores. However there is demerit of having jobs that is accumulation of stress. Because we cannot earn much money in a short time. Finally, if you have a dream what you want to do, you can choose the right part time job. So you can experience it before you come true your dream. So I agree to have a part time job in the univ. Accordingly, I made my position to agree with this idea.
I completely agree this statement. I have totally four reason that agree this statement First Variety part time job is serve our experience For- example if I were work in convenience store, I can learn ability king, good smile and good greet or If I were work in A factory, I learn patient, understand that how appliances are made by the Factory. Etc. we can receive many variety experience by doing diverse part-time job. Second if I were variety work part time job, I can find fitting job or major. For example I work at institute for my money, but fortunately I can find my job by working institute that teach for student. Then I can decide my dream. Also I can endeavor for my dream and I don't need to wander not any more. Third I can know valuable and concept of money. If I were hardly earning the money, the money is very priceless. Therefore I can't expense the money. I try to save the money and know my parent's difficult earning the money Finally Steve job's said "Connect the dots". So I challenge variety part time job's that surely someday help to me Consequently I assert that Part time job is need for college student.
I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have three reasons why it is important. First of all, In order to maintain their livelihood. There is many students who under difficult. We can't live if you do not eat something. If there is no energy, no life can live. Second reason is conversation skill. It is very important because we need social skill in social. We should talk to other people what you need. It will learn from real life rather than learning. I believe that this help to prove this skill in Part-time job. When it is important you do not tell, cannot get what you need. You can continue to say that the opportunity is at part time job. And last reason is Univ. Major. I hope that if you want to have a part time job, consider what your major is and what kind of part time job will help us. For example my case, my major is English literature. To study English and to level up my, I will find kind of part time job which is related English. As these reason, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
I agree. I have many friends who are having a part-time job. They often work around a university. In particular, they go to there after finishing the lesson. I do not have experience which works a part-time job. Nevertheless, I believe that college students need to work specially during school vacation. Because, First, A part-time job offers students importance of money. They will get money through hard suffer. Therefore, they will use little money and save money. College students usually spend drinking and enjoying friends so, they use money easily. It can intend to save money from the wastefulness. Second, students are receiving a lot of money from their parent. Especially, registration fee is very expensive but many students obtain their parent. If they get money to use their personal expense, parents will think a hard feel. Accordingly, students need to make the money to use on their own. Last, students get a priceless experience through a part-time job. After graduate from college, they will work at company and occur many things at their company. If they have a part-time job, they obtain a new opportunity before a true job. They can learn about their key contents and factors in advance. It is main thing for college students to have a part-time job.
I agree that it is important for college students have a part-time job even though I have never worked at a part-time job. Nowadays, most of college students have to spend a huge amount of registration fee to study in university. The price of registration fee is approached almost \400-500. However, they don't have any ability to pay this. So, their parents have to shoulder the entire costs instead of them. If students work at part-time jobs, they would lighten their burden. I think it is also one of the ways to help parents. The other reason why I agree on it is that it can help to gain a lot of experience for students' careers. For employment, many companies demand lots of careers to students. It would be one of good experiences to have part-time jobs. Also, students who work part-time job can learn how to treat people and to do social life, like that. In addition, they can develop their personality like diligence, manners, sense, and partnership. That's why it is important for college students have a part-time job. Some people worry about that it disturbs student's study. But, students belong to part-time job have to control their time and strength themselves.
These days, many college students tend to stay at home without having part-time job because of self-improvement. Of course, this behavior gives them a lot of time that spend self-improvement. However, I agree that college students have part-time job. There are some reasons why I agree it. First, college students keep spirit of independence. For example, they endure hard duties for a month to earn the money. These processes encourage themselves and foster their independence. In addition to, the survey of student council shows that students who experience part-time job have independence about four times compared with ones who didn't experience part-time job. Second, college students are able to pay the school expenses. According to civic organization's survey, seventy percent of college students pay their registration fee in installments with the money to earn for themselves during vacation. Third, to have a part-time job can make college students very organized and offer useful information. It is reported that employees who experience part-time quickly job adjust to new environment compared with employees who didn't experience part-time job. In addition to, college students who have part-time job can obtain the information that help them find the job. For these reason, I highly agree that college students have part-time job; spirit of independence, school expense, adaptability.
I totally agree with the idea of Topic A (It is important for college students to have a part-time job. ) Let's see some reasons. First of all, it is a good and suitable way for college students who need to pay their tuition themselves. For example, one of my college friends has a part-time job for her tuition. After finishing school, she goes to her part time job place right away. Secondly, we can have lots of experience about many jobs before we have our own job. For example, when we are college students, some students don't know what kind of jobs they want to have after graduating college, so having a part-time job is a good standard for some students to think about what they want to be after graduating college. Thirdly, having a part time-job is important for college students to have socialization. Of course, they can have socialization when they are in a college, but this is not enough for them. As far as I know it's very important to meet many kinds of people as long as one has breath, so they can meet many kinds of people when they have part-time jobs. That's why it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
I agree important for college students to have a part-time job. I have many bases in my opinion. Almost college students don't go to school their house. They live near the college. It needs lots of money. Naturally, this life imposes a heavy burden on their parents. We offered many time by college. At left time if we have a part time job, less the burden your parents, and a part time job offer many experience. You can work in many kinds of occupation through part time job. You will meet many different people in a various working place. I think that's a most important thing. And a part-time is possible to understand economic activities. Manage spend and income yourself. At first it is a hard, but in the running of time you will feel that's easy. It's a practice your future social life. I think a part time job have a many mercy. You don't spend left time another thing, have a part time job. I recommend go out to library and working do not study everyday every time. It's a greater help than library life to you. It gives many things to you. It's a hard to work, but it doesn't disappointment you. I'm confident it.
In my opinion, the economic situation is difficult to work part-time students will be indispensable. Matter because the house itself is a hard earned huge fees for students who attend because a little boon. Hard earned money to own most of the school year students eager to look at. I go to school one day, earning fees that will be the day when it comes to part-time job. Difficult, difficult shot, but I've been a lot of strength as a higher chance of success will Oh, and a part-time job for these people to learn how to treat you like you just write to my parents who receive money, Graduated from the University of employment and employment in today's tough to jump on wires based on things I did say at the University of hardship, only to come out, but rather that whatever seems to work hard and be successful. Attending high school and vocational high school students who work part-time study at that time, look in the future, more thought would be fine while working part-time experience, more difficult to succeed, students have attended it seems that it hits mi. think poverty is now at home part-time students who only work part-time try at least once, even when the wealthy family seems to be a good thing.
The present age, mostly college students do part-time job. Because one's family difficult circumstances; one's family reasons or College's tuition is very expensive. But it is a very important job experience. If only a part time job only for money is a very difficult thing. The many college students was good enough job to afford it, or was to gain previous experience, Part-time due to life's lessons and experiences that are more than worth the money. So, I think of course it is true that college tuition is too expensive to absurdly. The college Students without money cannot be loved to study. So, because part-time job maybe Study could reduce the time to be sold on. If so, we have unlimited potential to find a student fails. I think importance of part-time job, Students to grow mentally, can be a very good experience. But, it's Money can be drawn is not going to. From school to read books to study part-time study because of non-life So, Reduce tuition fees for part-time and life experience, rather than the concept of making money can be done is will have to make a foothold. Part-time work is not bad to do that completely.
Many student work part time job for their pocket money, tuition or practical experience. But I have never been part time job because I strived to concentrate on my studies during the semester, I got certified during vacation for police exam. Most of people think that I really grew up pampered for that reason. On the one hand I can think like that but I feel sad about inexperienced part time job. I think that part time job is important for practical experience. Through the part time job, we can make more personal connection and feel teamwork and learn rules of courtesy towards all adults. The experience will serve to oil the wheels of social life. Some say the part time job can interfere with studies but I think that part time job for practical experience in the future is more important than studies. If I have chance, I really want to do a part time job. So I want to learn a sense of economy which is the best bang for my bucks. Besides I want to learn a way to treat another human being. And then I will be able to take a step forward for entering the workforce.
To work and study 1. You will have enough money to gain higher education and, thus, achieve your dream. 2. You will gain a very important experience, working with people, which you will not be able to gain in a college/university. 3. You will have an opportunity to hold a good post in company you work for as a part-time employee. 4. You will learn to manage your time effectively. 5. You will understand what it means to be independent from your parents or anyone. And, of course, you will learn what real life is, and what to expect after graduation. Most students cannot even imagine what they will face in their real life. Not to work and study 1. Sometimes people forget to study, and their part-time job absorbs them completely. You should remember that your study is the most important. 2. Of course, you will have less free time than other students. But this can be good as well you will be earning money when your fellow students will stupidly spend their parents' money. 3. You will not be able to join all those societies. Do you really need all of them? But you will be able to focus on those activities you really need. Of course, you will have more points which depend on some features of your life, but these points need to be thought over for you to make the right decision.
I agree. The reason for this is. First, it is their personal reason. I felt university student is so much time. But they didn't use their time. They consume time on play. And they not managed time well. That is they waste of time. Second, university student is spending a lot of money. Need a lot of money, but Allowance is a fixed, Expenditure is more than allowance. University student is not minor. So themselves need to be managed, Must take responsibility for their actions. If you need anything more than that It should buy their earned. I have also acted. Third, it is opportunity to Social experience in advance. Entered the University, after graduating from high school, the first experience Social Life is so difficult. However as experience is more understand in community. So am I, working part-time job social life is difficult, and I felt that it is difficult to make money. On the other hand I felt making money is fun. And I felt Interested in work. So part-time job is not must do, but I think it is maybe a little need? In my experience, part time job is feeling the importance of money. And it will save you money. This is our proverb same. No pain, no gain.
I'm agreeing for this topic. Too hard to find a part-time job, many people find a part-time job. These days a lot of high school students do part-time job, so university students is not easy to find. Therefore, a long time to find part-time job and we can find we want work for aptitude. Anyway part-time job is so important to us. Especially when compared to interns. If you want employee you are very hard working every day. That means interns changing employee probability is very low. But what about part-time job? Anyone ever will know if part-time job. You can't never ever see the future. But if you find your compare one-hundred percent satisfaction part-time job to you. That is chance maybe fifty-fifty chance. Anyway if you can find part-time job, you will think one more time. Most of parents if they children want to the part-time job, Maybe almost parents to tell disagreed nuance Anyway But I think we're university students that means almost completely grow adult, so part-time job give it to us some help. First, Part-time job is a part of social experience and monthly save money, if you want independence you must have experience in save money Second, if you save a lot of money your parents don't care almost everything that is important thing. Third, you will meet new people, i can make book on meet because that is very amazing you know just simply part-time job Had relationship of boggles the mind.
Is it important for college students to have a part-time job? I perfectly agree. Today's tuition is so expensive more than you think. The prices are fast increase now. So what should we do? Do we borrow money to parents? It is limitative action. We must earn money ourselves. May be we can't pay school expenses. Cause they're too expensive. But I think we can earn our allowance. A month allowance that one person use is about 30, 0000won. It's a quite a lot of money. And it's also you can get to money from part-time job. Just spend your 5 times than you can get it. Many people say if I have a part time job, I won't have time to myself! yes. It is important to have time to myself. However, you think a little bit differently. If you have a part-time job, you will learn many things. First of all, you know that culture of society. You can learn how to serve the people, and manners. You meet a lot of people. Some are kind, generous, others are rude, no manners. You may be embarrassed to the latter. But it's the chance, you get over the difficulties. So have a part-time job is important.
In my opinion, a part-time job for students is need to student itself. Because Job have a role for students to make realize the actual of social. As you looked, some students sometimes think university and social romantically and simply. Social is not imagine and recollection. It is actual and facing subject. So, I think that every human should be needed to experience many conditions. Job is one of condition. As we have a job, we can think about complex structure of sociality and realize the actual. We find easily a part-time job for student anywhere. A part-time job contributes to many an advantage for students. Firstly, it makes the right material to establish management. By the establishment of the right materials management and waste of the students learn The habit of saving is closer to the students of this enormous impact on the future of These things which can be obtained through the season of student's a part-time job will Think. Secondly, a part-time job is important to form student's independence. I think that Independence is most important to human life. It is a job that can exist when you have to think. Therefore, I think that students with a part-time job through their pockets of Independence has learned the basic process. Having learned the basis of the process, Students have to live in society, ""His life is his design, "" gives you a clear idea. For this reason, I agree that students are working a part-time job
I disagree with the topic A. In my opinion, there are several losses of part-time jobs. These days, a lot of students have part-time jobs. I don't think, however, it is a good idea for students to work part-time while they are going to school. First of all, education is difficult and complex. Doing a part-time job can deprive of their study hours. They have less time for study in comparison with other ones who don't do a part-time job. To learn and get good grades, students have to study hard. They have to get up early to attend classes, and do their homework at home. It seems to be easy, but it is busy and hard. If students are working part-time after class, they are going to be tired, so it impacts on the next day. A part-time job might interfere with concentration of study. They may feel tired easily and therefore, they can't concentrate on study. Also, they may feel asleep easily in class. After all, it causes lowering of efficiency when they study. Third, they might lose interest in their life. Other students who don't have a part-time job have time for decreasing stress of study. But they have no time for enjoying their life.
I disagree on college students to have a part - time job. The essence of college student is to recognize the talent and individuality of each student and to develop him or her. Therefore Students have to just study hard But nowadays many students have a part time job. What they want to have a part time job? Most of the students supply themselves with money for their pleasures. And they give up to pleasures and entertainment. Eventually they didn't save any money so they cause a vicious circle. A number of other people commented that have a part-time job is support to their society life but I disagree on comment. Because student had to work during the daytime and study at night. So they're ruined their college study by part - time job. Of course their didn't have enough money to attend college. They work part-time job to pay for tuition but I think most of students in the college is not poor. So I think that most of students study hard more than have part time job. As mentioned above student is to recognize the talent and individuality of each student and to develop him finally it behooves students to study.
A saying goes, "you should faithful to own your work. " This means that students don't need to earn money during school days. Thus, I'm in favor of the idea that it has never been important students to be a part-time worker. It's because students have a right to enhance their ability. Moreover, enjoying college life is important part of students' lives as well. First of all, spending a lot of time with improving talent is the most significant part of their lives. It's true that students who haven't worked during school days have better grade than students who have worked. For example, one of my friends got a temporary work, when she was sophomore. At that time, she couldn't concentrate on her study. Finally, she got the worst grade in that year. From those days on, she didn't try to searching for any part-time works. Besides, enjoying college life should be helpful to improve student's commercial skills. That means that students can interact with their classmates as participation in many schools circles such as team sports, band groups and so on. Students can exclusively make a variety of experiences through group activities. A study has shown that students who have enjoyed their school life's can make more successful life than others. In other words, growing commercial skill might become a key to successful life. For all those reasons, I strongly support on the idea of developing not only your faculty but communication skills. In order to get better life in the future, they have to make a good time schedules. Life style of college life might determine their whole life.
It is important for college students to have a part-time job. There must be different opinions over whether permitting the teenagers to work as a part time or not. Some people may claim that students' main job is to study and they are going to work in the future anyway. On the other hand, others will refute this claim by saying there are a lot things that students can learn working outside of school. Personally, I believe working in the teen age is beneficial for the following reasons. Working outside will provides opportunities to know one's interest to the youth. It is significant to know what one likes to do and is excellent at during teenage years because then, the student can make a choice of his major based on his interest when applying to universities and thus, what he will learn through college years will be helpful directly in his future career. In Korea, a number of people often get to work in a field which is totally different from one's specialized area. This is mainly due to the fact that college students realize their major studies are not really fit for their interest and what they want to learn for their jobs. This relatively late realization leads students to change their major in their junior or senior years and it enlargers their schooling spending more time and tuition. The worse case is that some people miss the time to change their field of study, gradate colleges, and try to find jobs that are nothing to do with their past studies.
There are many part time jobs. Every student has worked a part time job at least once for making their pocket money or any reasons. These days it is very difficult to get a job more and more in our current society. I think the part time job is helpful to us and our future. Because we can save money by making money for ourselves. My parents said people can know the value of money when they make money for themselves. In my case, I understand my parents' saying although I have not worked many part time jobs until now. For our future, we can have a social experience in advance before we get a full-time job. We meet many people through the part time job so, we can find our aptitude. We can know ourselves better and decide our future job. Therefore, the part time job can be a first-step for starting our real goal and we can experience many things that are bad or good in a part of our life. The more we work a part time job, the more we get many experiences and make much money. The part time job has a variety of merits.
I had a part time job It was a special experience. I can understand service through part-time job. I recommended that part-time job to do. Because, the more experience are a good asset. I did have a part time job in the wedding hall. Every day people face a new opponent was a fun thing. Working part time, I was able to realize my competence. Thanks to, I have a dream, and began to formulate specific goals Part-time job that reminds me of myself Even a year old kid, a lot of experience would be appreciated. Extracurricular activities, part-time jobs, volunteer work and just an example. Now all the things that are valuable experiences. Even now, it hard, when you think future will be good memories Should try many different things. If I have a chance, I would be serving on a part time job. When I people do selfless service, I feel very good. I want to learn and feel more experienced. Part-time job can be a great asset. Use Holiday season, let's get the part time job. You can feel proud of the work. Also, Can learn the importance of money If not now, when would you feel the joy?
These days, many college students have a part-time job because of their school fee, allowance, or experience. I think it is important that college students have a part-time job for any reason. The most important reason is if they get a job after graduate school, students who had a part-time job are better at social life than students who didn't have a part-time job. I had a part-time job when I was a sophomore during summer vacation. My job was ticketing so I deal with lots of people every day. It was so exhausted and too hard. I wanted quit the job at that time but I endure at the end. I think it's very good experience for me. If I don't have any job experience, and get a job after graduate, I just quit work even I have a little difficult. Therefore it's good experience to have a part-time job for their social life. Another reason is for self-reliance. High school students are just teenager but college students are adult. Adult is old enough to be on their own. They feel more good themselves if they earn their allowance than they depend on their parents. Therefore I absolutely agree that college students have a part-time job if it doesn't affect their study.
Expensive prices like these days in the era of good jobs for students part-time job is considered to be one. Tuition is expensive. So I work part-time job. But the seniors said that if you study more hard, then you would get a scholarship. But the coming generations dislike that. Sometimes Parents give spending money to me but Parents abilities are limited. Therefore it has difficult to receive money. Because part-time job is help a little. However part-time job is very hard. So majority lack of sleep. It combines a study and a part-time-job has a bad influence at a school record Therefore the students choose a part-time job cautiously. Many people have to have a part- time job for my tuition. Many adults, however, feel these after-school jobs demand too much time and pull teens away from more important obligations, including school and family. So, I wish I benefit from the variety of schools. Then I hope cut fees. Is helpful to many students and parents. But I think accumulating a variety of experiences while you're still young, helps you in whatever you choose to do later in life. You should think carefully before making a decision. Thank you.
I didn't part time job, but I have worked in library from March in this year. I think it has advantages and disadvantages. There are three reasons. First, it has achievement when I received part time job's money. Part time job is very difficult and tired. But when I solved every work in part time job, I felt happy and achievement. Second, it can learn patience. When I was tired, I can't rest because of students who find a book and works. But I thought it should do. I can learn considerate mind and affirmative inclination. Third, it makes friends with the other school subject. I got along with my school subject's friends, but I make friends with the other school subject after I worked part time job in library. I am really happy and pleasure. However it has disadvantages. There are two reasons. First, it is really tired. I am so really tired because many works and students who find a book. Many works are cleaning the library and carrying books, arranging the books, and so on. I am exhausted by students who find a book because sometime they found a book that find difficult and they disarranged books. Second, it is difficult to have my leisure hours. After I came to work at home, I am really exhausted. I can't everything. Therefore, part time job feel achievement, but it is very tired.
Teenagers have no chance to get to know about this field in school learning English, mathematics, and Korean. To help the youth choose what they are interested in and will ultimately benefits to their jobs in the future, allowing them to work in the real world should be encouraged. Making money on their own in their early age provides educational lessons and merits ranging from gaining confidence, understanding of how market processes, realizing the difficulty of earning money and thus the necessity of saving. Getting paid for what they worked for can be a new kind of rewards of students especially those whose grades are always low. They will think even though they are not good at studying, they can be excellent at other fields being rewarded for what they put their effort. Understanding of hardness of making money and how it comes to them, the youth will learn economy and right consumption. Learning through working is more beneficial not only because some students do not like reading textbooks and taking lectures in classroom but also because knowing information as knowledge and understanding knowledge through experience is different. In this sense, letting Youngers get a part time job will be constructive experience. In conclusion, teenagers must be allowed to work as a part time if they are willing to for the aforementioned reasons.
Have you ever seen this situation? Part time job is just short time job. The job gives a small fee. The fee is just small, but student is good chance buying they want. I think that part time job is good experience. Many experience is helpful anyone's life. If chance work part time, you'd batter work. But if you are high school student, you don't work part time job. When do you real work, the experience give you variety help. That job is university student's work. This day's part time jobless seeking job. Many people seek job just older people. People who go to study go to English nation are part time job. Because that people learn English through part time job. Communicating the foreign people, they learn English. It is good method studding foreign language. So student who go to other nation, go the working holiday. There are a variety of part time jobs in the world for people. There are many advantages when in working part time. We think not easy to make money. So we save the money. I get to know that our parents are working hard for us as well. People are finding Confidence before social life.
Part-time gateway to the college students seem to really go through. Because an adult has been receiving help from parents and society Rather than the work yourself because you think you need to experience. Although the concept of making money just to think differently, Different people an opportunity to experience and the opportunity To know the knowledge is innocent. After college, I passed one month Were part-time job at a small hotel restaurant. Then Gyeongsang, Joelle, Chungcheong-do and meet people from different Regions live in was able to talk while working together was a lot of thought. This experience allows me to do a lot of thought gave the high school is different From the experience of community that makes the actual experience was. I am the best 20-year-old brother in their late 20s and 40, 50s uncle, aunt listened To the words of the feeling was trying to teach me many things. Thus only part-time jobs rather than simply needed The money has already come out to society as a big girl just to try it, Think it's an experience. Learn, and cannot include parents or in-home Education through part-time job that you can learn something from Your parents do have the attitude of adults are independent And have responsibility for them as more enthusiastic people will be able to evolve.
I have ever had part time job. One year ago, I did that at convenience store In Daemon. When I worked in the store, I did my best. I cleaned the floor of The store, I washed the shells, and said Hallo to the customers kindly. First, I enjoyed the part time job, but later I didn't want to work anymore because I can't study for my university studding. So, I said the owner that I want to finish my part time job but he asked me to work more because he couldn't get new person promptly. I had to reject to work more but I couldn't. I worked continue and I couldn't study continue so my school point was been bad. After that, I realized that even thought important someone ask me really, if I have to reject, I must do that. Because, I will regret about that if I don't reject and I have to deal every results. After the part time job, I can do well other works more. I think it is important that someone get first part time job because the person will get a similar part time job before. I don't want to happen the thing to me so I do endeavor to get new part time job in the vacation. In this summer vacation, I will do help some teacher teaching young students. As my future job is teacher, I want to lean teaching skill.
In the past, and think a lot of part time job thought it was just envious. Community can gain a lot of experience, just like me no accident that s not a lie than to a person of independence or, in the sense of reality, because a lot of unknown. But feel as if there is one. But this is entirely accept that my part time job itself and accepted it as nothing more than that because you will not. Come on, I'm proud to a part time jobs, part time jobs simply do not recognize Do not only as job. The part time job to be the company's business may be fine for me, more and more that I try to be good for business and the signature of the company... I'm nice, good and the company... Take it easy and do not regard only as job simply, I think you let the part time job management. Accept it as an intern, and how the company had one more if I could get my money back? How can we do more effective marketing? how efficiently you could make more stuff? If you feel that the company management and, apparently, the feeling of satisfaction to him than the part time job simply will make you feel like.
Most college student work part time is a lot. Part-time jobs have many advantages and disadvantages. Look at the advantages, first, without anyone's help to make independent economic activity is that it can. In addition, own economic ideas also seem to occur. So, Consumer Life can be so reasonable. And, as everyone knows, our country's college tuition and fees is staggering. This burden as well as our parents does the same. It reduces the burden on some part-time job I think. And part-time social life seems to be good because you can experience a lot in advance. Also, the money they can invest in their development. But there are also bad points. Personal time is reduced. To study hard or to meet friends may be difficult. And your body can get tired, or mental stress is. It's completely dependent difficulties in daily life by giving a school may cause difficulties. But, my personal opinion, Part-time job during college life may be needed. Not only in the school is experience also important outside of school experience. Someday such experiences would be a good basis. Appropriate part-time job helps a featured college. Importantly, how an individual is used varies depending on the results
What part time job? The original my job to get the additional income. I agree. At least once doing part-time job who somebody. If home is not richness economically, everybody is only just doing it. Because tuition and pocket money. Of course, we want scholarship but Korea unit. is immoderate shortage of scholarship. Who doesn't want to receive scholarship? They not live on a part time job salary. Night and day they work but, they are impossible to make money. So, we want a raise in our monthly pay. Some college students want only attend in unit. nothing part time job and anxiety. In addition, there is a various purpose about part time job. What is the specific reason for working part time job? In a recent online site for part time to target college students were surveyed. The purpose of part time job is as follows: -For career-related employment. -Raise tuition. -Allowance provides. -To enjoy a hobby etc... The unit. Lives one of the part time culture so, I think do not recommend that part time feedback unconditional opposition to think. College students as a culture of respect for having to work part time hope. For a part time doing students unconditionally, not negative, depending on the flow of society must change our thoughts.
I agree that it's important for college students to have a part-time job. Having a part-time job has many advantages. First, it can provide college students a chance to get the working experience before they graduate from colleges. In that way, they can successfully apply a good job in the future. They also can learn how to communicate with different people in the society. Because campus is as small as it is compared with society. Not everyone is polite and friendly to you. Second, having a part-time job can make students know how difficult life is. Life is not easy, and making money is also a hard job. Therefore, they would not waste money and time. They would understand how great their parents are. Third, as an adult, it's our duty to earn money ourselves instead of getting money from our parents. We are no longer a minor; we have the ability to get a part-time job. So why don't you have a try to get a part-time job and buy everything you want Fourth, if you get a part-time job when you are a college student, I'm sure your college life would be more interesting and wonderful because you are busier than other students. As a young man, you'd better learn more knowledge and experience as much as you can.
It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because they are protected by parents until now. But if they have a part-time job, they will grow up person. They will realize that making money is very difficult and they will be frugal the money after this experience. Example, I had a part-time for four month 3years ago. And I realized that making money is very difficult and exhausted. So when I spend money, I always think that it is needed. And I think a part-time take the first step going into the world. They are not at the mercy of one and they must act according to the situation and they must be good relationship. They can learn caused by a part-time job. And college students must meet friends or boy-friend. But recently the price of the food is usually above 5000 won. And if they want to watch the movie, it is 9000 won. College students also like to drink coffee while talking but this coffee also more than 3000 won. So they are always short of money. But their parents cannot give a lot of money, so they should be part-time job. So it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
I think I should get a part-time job. We're College's tuition is very expensive I think. Not just my think, All of University student's think same thing. I think part time job is very important and good for students. Because part time job is to experience the social life beforehand enters the society. Students are working part-time for his school expenses. Part time job can prove oneself to be useful. Part time job offer sound advice on a range of nutritional issues. Part time job can be a variety of social experience. Also part time job can make the sense of economy. If money burns a hole in your pocket, you'll never have any for emergencies. By so doing I make money. Through that I find the important of money. When I spend money, I will think one more before the spend. And I think it is an opportunity to develop one's own self than money. Through part time job I can find my aptitude which what can I do well. So I get my job that I like, enjoy and do well. I learned many things through the part time job. Don't miss out on an enlightening experience! Bye.
I agree. Because of college students are necessary to experience small social. And they have to have a concept about money. When I was young, "Why are they doing? That's just hard and difficult, also no funny. " I thought. But now I'm 21 years old, college student that studying for my great future. I realized that I need some money for buying something like book, note, clothes, shoes, transportation fee etc. and also an experience about social. It's very important to future. If all of college students no experience about part-time job, they will be terrible at their work in the future. The reason is only this: they have no experience! For example, there are two girls: A and B. The A is very smart in their class and all of tests are A+. But she never do part-time job. After she pass the "S" company which is very hard to enter. However, 5 years passed, she stills the end of her group. The others, the B girl become a good business woman. Cruz she has great ability of the transaction of business. [The origin never news discussion] That's difference point; part-time job's importance when there're college students. Today, studying is not all. We've to accumulate various experiences.
I think that Part time job in life of the university is not good. But university student need money in university life so they work a part time job. In practice, their university tuition is very expensive and they need money in their university life it is difficult problem. I think about this problem so I think part time job is not good but we live in society that needs an experience. Those experiences in part time jobs will help us to develop us society experience. Therefore, we should actively participate in part time job. Sometimes thinking this problem, we seem to lose studying time. People speak university student should have to study. We know it. But university is still very expensive. We give parents a many tuition. We are adult now. We need to learn how to independent because you arrive at man's estate. Experience is important but we are adult so, we do not give damage our parents. Of course it is very hard. We will win the society. Part time job is important part to win our problems. Some time or other part time job helps us to adapt this society. Therefore, Part time job is very important for our university life. I think part time job will become a my good assistant
For part-time job when I'm older children should think to do that once in a while. Because part-time job to learn a variety of social and would love to learn to socialize and hang out because I think. Grasp the concept while working part-time job without receiving money from parents to themselves, things have something to write and think proudly of money. One point is also useful as a part-time job. Experience while working part-time in the community through various moves us a little bit easier, and by When it later and could be good for him, the background. In addition, while working to meet many friends and relationships so as to widen the relationship you could take a little bit about. Experience and make friends and also be economically independent from their parents is good for a part-time job, I think. Of course, as a part-time job could done bad things donation. Throw alcohol buy cigarettes, but all part-time students who are throwing everything they want to work part-time for little things, and reduce the burden on parents to let things because that there should be no need to worry about so far are: I tried several times to work part-time, but tired and wants to quit difficult situation at that time was many times. However, adding two days a month salary, yet I know how much I mean to buy a and I live there so excited and think that we do not receive a burden to my parents and became very hard to do things. Therefore important to work part-time students often need to experience for you and feel that sometimes.
Choosing part time job is very important thing to student. I always think this question. Many students get a part time job using their summer vacation or winter vacation. Not only Doing in young age but also experiencing many things in society is good activity. To experience many things, many students invest their valuable time to get a job. However something to think about trying out the more important thing is real valuable. During summer vacation, one student serving beer or hoof too many guys. While he serving beer, he thought Like this 'Ha... Life is hard.' or 'selling hoof get a lot of money, later i want to be an owner pub' This is just to learn. 'Life is hard" later I want to be an owner at pub. In my case, I want to get a job like teaching or using my brain. Also I got a job like this. Last year I taught math to young student. It was very fresh experience to me. I never forget it. Young student loved me and I taught very enthusiastically. Student's parents said 'Thank you.' I said 'you're welcome' It was wonderful experience. This way, getting a job is important Through this experience I learned to meet other parents and how to look at young students. This processing was grown up me. I didn't know how to face to face other parents and young student. But l learned very hard and I recognized how to meet other people. So I think that getting a part time job is exactly helpful in their life. However Question of what is important to choose something.
In Korea, while most students attend schools without a job, some students have part-time jobs. With the money, they do what they want, such as buying clothes. It is widely accepted that students should focus on their study, not a job. However, having a job has a positive influence on students First, students, at workplace, can learn what they cannot do in schools. In Korea, professors usually teach students only academic subjects, such as literature and physics. Even though these subjects are important in living a life, there are other important things, leadership or followership. In fact, it is difficult for students to apply academic subjects to social lives since these subjects are too theoretical. Therefore, after graduation, students who have not worked will have difficulty in dealing with their social tasks at their workplace unlike the ones who have had a job. Second, students can do various things with their money that they have earned from their jobs. Students with a job will make more money than their monthly allowance that they get from their parents. Parents do not give much money to their sons and daughters. Even if they give much money to them, students feel the lack of money. This is because they want to make up well and meet their lovers as well as go to trip with friends. Therefore, working at a part-time job, students can do what they really want with the money. In conclusion, since having a job can give students various experiences as I mentioned above, it is a good idea that college students have a part-time job.
These days, many college students have a part-time job. Around me, my friends work part-time job that they want to do. I think that the students do a part-time job. Why they have to do part-time job? I can explain two reasons. Firstly, it is good for students to have part-time jobs because this helps cultivate independence among them. My friend, Seri, was afraid of contacting with strangers. So, I worried about her personality. I advise her to do part-time jobs to acquire experiences from frequent contact with unfamiliar people. She sought for a part-time and finally got it. As she worked it, she became more and more lightened and furthermore she was independent. Secondly, part-time jobs can make the student's lives more colorful and is good for their personal development. In my case, I did part-time jobs last summer vacation to go travel to a foreign land. So, I worked hardly to gratify my dream. In the end, I earned enough money to go abroad. So, I traveled to a country. In that place, I met various people, got along with them, and experienced their culture shock. Through its experience, I think a little more mature. So, I agree that students have part-time jobs.
These days part time job is a part of life to university student. Because nowadays university tuition is very expensive. So lots of people hold protest about tuition. If tuition will be cheaper than now, most of university students can enjoy their university life. But in reality, it is too difficult. So we can just accept about reality. Now I want to talk about my story. I am fresher. But first tuition is about 4, 000, 000 won. It is my parents' monthly pay. It is very huge money. We feel sorry to my parents. So we try to do part time job. If we do it, we think we can reduce burden about tuition. So I tried to find out part time job but these days pay is very cheap. The minimum system said' you need to pay over 4, 300 won but almost shops give 4, 000 won to us for monthly pay. We know all about this but we just need money for tuition. So we just keep working. It's very sad reality. I think it must change soon. I want to reduce the burden about tuition from my parents. And may be lots of students of want to do be. I think story is going little wrong but I want to tell about reality problem and I want to know why I tell about tuition.
I agree with the question. I have four reasons. First of all, I think it is important for university students to experience before getting a job. For example, if students who are finished university get a job and have to hardly work, they cannot accurately work. That is because they have not enough experiences. In my case, Part time job is important to many university students. Doing part time job help more grow up man. And get a confidence. I spend waste money. So I always no money. Every day I have loan and sad mind. Near my friends, some guy never do part time job. And he provides all money from his parents. He spends money buying something. I lose memories with my friends. I was busy during part time job and I studied many things... I can't play with my friends. That was so sad. But I learned many things. My friends said 'you are very independence. I want to learn your ability.' I was very happy. I think I am growing. I was very shy person. But Through many experience about society I changed very activity person. I really thankful that. I can change. And I want to be a good salesperson.
In today's tough job market, you need more than just a degree to get a job. Significant work experience, along with good references from supervisors or co-workers, proves to potential employers that you have the basic qualities which make a good employee. Dependability, responsibility, work ethic, and the ability to learn new skills. First, a part-time job can help you pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books, gas, and clothes. Your parents will not be around forever, and so you have to gradually become responsible for all of your expenses. Keeping a part-time job helps you learn to budget and handle money. Second, Working part-time during college will build your character. You will realize that the world does not exist to wait on your hand and foot, and that if you want to get something, you have to give something first. In conclusion, holding down a part-time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part-time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management. Having a part time job during your college life would also be an experience that may come in handy later in life.
About students have a part time job? University student have a part time job is not only important but also necessity. Most of the Korean University student have part time job, because the tuition is very expensive. They paid amount of money for the tuition. Moreover if you live without your family, you will pay a lot of money. The cost makes it difficult for parents to afford the tuition. Some people said, "If you study hard, you will get a scholarship. Then, you don't work anymore. "However, theory and reality are different. What would you do if you don't pay to living expenses? You just say to your parent give me the money every day? In the end, the student who has a lot of time and well-conditions will get a scholarship. Sadly, it is real. Nevertheless, they are burdened with a heavy dept. - named 'student loan.' They cry out against raising the tuition but the tuition increase every year. It is difficult for us. Now, have a part time job is natural - you work for your own money, cost of living, the tuition, whatever. We must remember why they have a part time job. That is why important for college students to have a part-time job.
I disagree that college students must have part-time jobs. People around me have experiences about part time jobs and they think it is important to get a job or live their lives. However, I think having part time job is not good for students. I do not have much experience about that and my parents think studying hard is better. Thus, I was not interested on, but my brother was not. He got a part time job in family restaurant as soon as he entered university. He devoted his hours to clean dishes or make food. He always worries about his grade, but he can't handle it because that work makes him tired. If he doesn't have to go to school, he must go to that restaurant and work at least 8 hours. I think it is terrible. Because of that, my brother's hands have a knife wound. Of course, earning money is important, but I think reading books or enjoy their own university life is more important. I also try to enjoy my life. I think after graduating university, people have to get a job and work, so we don't have to do part time job to have experience about jobs. I hope many students in Korea enjoy their lives to see movies, read books or enjoy their hobbies instead of working.
Part time job has been increased, getting important for society, especially for college students. Having a part-time job among college student is important due to several reasons: 1) It offers experience for the future job 2) Student might be able to afford the college 3) Student might get the social skills. First of all, it is important for the college students to have a part-time job because it might help them be experienced for their future job. Once they got experience, it would be benefit for applying the job as well as adjusting to environment of the job. For example, if some students want to be a nurse, it would be beneficial to get a part-time job such as nursing assistant. Therefore, it's important for students to have part time job because it would make them be experienced. Another reason for considering part-time job as an important thing for the college students is that the student might be able to afford the college. The students can afford the college by earning their cost of living and the cost for college. Then the burden for affording college would be decreased. Definitely, having part-time job would be helpful to decrease their burden for affording college. The last reason for considering part-time job as an important element for college students is that student might get the social skills. Social skills could be improved by dealing with lots of clients or customers and those strong social skills are significant. Student would get those skills by having part-time jobs. To conclude, having a part-time job among college student is important due to several reasons: 1) It offers experience for the future job 2) Student might be able to afford the college 3) Student might get the social skills.
I strongly agree with this and feel need. Especially in Korea, the tuition fee is very higher than the other countries and the parents obviously can't afford it easily at once. What is more, the students have an ability to live their own life by themselves. They are adults. Of course, it's difficult to work all day taking classes. And now, I'd like to explain why it is important to have a part-time job. Firstly, it doesn't need much time, disrupt university life during vacation, or your rest of time except for class, you can work without disrupting your study because you can choose the time you want to work. It's an advantage for students. Lastly, these days, many companies want you to have many previous jobs before they give you a position. They want you to be adapted to the position easily. So, it means that you can make experience which can be benefits for the future as well. Besides, if you have certain ability, For example, if you can speak English well, the pat-time job in restaurant near where foreigners live will give you the chance to practice or enhance it. This is why I think to have a part-time job is important for students.
Many people say that students focus on study reasonably. Instead of earning by part time job they say to get scholarship. However, my thinking is different. Part time job during school days can not only help a person much financially but also develop oneself. First, it can help students in financial difficulty. Nowadays college tuition is very expensive and there are many students who can't pay tuition. Scholarship is limited to the minority and very difficult to get. Even if it's received, what you can do for living expenses? Doing a part time job for 3-4 hours a day after class can make us earn a monthly living cost. It helps to the financially difficult students and those who want to earn pocket money. Second, it can give experience that can't be bought by money. In fact, I've done part time job during last school days. Although it was difficult, it was worthwhile. Many people told me, ""You become sensible. "" As such, it can give lots of experiences while meeting various people. It makes me look back upon selfish mind and hold the heart of caring others. Doing a part time job should be experienced as a college student, I think. People in the countries such as USA, Canada and England become independent after entering college. They are so independent that they pay for tuition and living with their earning. Therefore, we are to abandon prejudice, ""Students should study only. "" Doing part time job helps student for self development and independence growth.
It is important part time job for university student. These days, the university registration fee is so expensive. Most of students think intolerable without part time job. This is reason that I have to part time job. During summer vacation I worked in fashion store. The task is so hard for me. But I need its salary. And part time job is helpful build our broad experience. While I work at store, i met the numerous people. Sometimes rude customer had come to store, I was upset their incomprehensible action. But in the service industry, clerk always serve the customer kindly. So I should bear it and make a smile. I learned about customer service and build a good human relationship. This is a lesson to me for society. Lastly, I feel a sense of accomplishment in my part time job. This is positive change in my life. When I worked well I feel exciting and it give me self-confidence and energy. I realize that working time to be fun! Living expenses and extensive experience are essential to university student and sense of accomplishment change the student. For this reasons, I agree that part time job is important to university student
I agree. Youth for the passion and ambition and a dream life. At this time more comfortable and easy, we should really think hard and be tired and adventure. Wise eyes see the world becoming so hard to know what is easy, knowing you would be happy to know. All 20s have big dreams. The dream for all the support will do. So before we go out in society I would like to try things. Do not learn in school will learn life skills or experience. But more important than what I snow apart-time work experience matters more than money to get to know that. Front view looking at the money that he wants to have the experience to believe than buying. We are undergoing trials and sufferings will be an adult. We cope wise you're going to lead us to only a small mistake. I love the young. Challenge to try and painful period is probably time. We know. Length ahead of upcoming knows that in a society where we experience challenging and made me have to go. So, I agree. Looking back, the connection is always dreamed and always curious to see what the youth think that you need to feel. I always want to be a talent for the country. Therefore need to love history and culture, I think. In order to develop the country got a lot of thought I have been able to do. I want to do what I always think that the experience of all. To do this, first thing in the dream and experience should be selected. Thus, the dream of his to challenge for the think is a part-time work for young people.
Maybe part time job is not familial with Korea students. I also so. However I think that part time job is a good experience. When I was a high school student 3 grade, I was doing a part time job. Then I met many people and I feel not good. Because guest is not good, work is very hard and it made me very tired. I did not know that time is priceless experience. But I know now that after I graduates college, and I enter society "world" it will be an experience. Therefore I think like this. And doing part time job is realizing money' importance. I do not know exactly because of part time job' experience. Spending money, I think one more time. My personality will be one cause but I think part time job experience. Doing like this is a good deed. So part time job is worthy of experiencing. I was freshman and young yet. So I and did not experience many time. But If I have a time I want to do part time job. I think this experience is good. My parents might say that study hard in that time. Because they want to concentrate study.
I agree this essay A. College student free time and easy to part- time job. Actually I have a part-time job. During my free time I have a job every weekend. Part-time job is no burden and good allowance earnings without parents help. Generally people think needlessness and no study time about part-time job. Part-time job is not only earned money but also study hard. Many college student's big worry is study grade and then money problem. So student need job. Student enjoys university life without worries. Kind of Part -time job is various. For example, study English part time job is killing two birds with one stone. While study English, earn money. In my district, English private educational institute is located at dunsandong. In English private educational institute, many student work short time. Named step manage internet lesson and teach other people. With study English, earn money. Step part-time job is best job for student. Another job for student is English lesson interpretation part-time job. People think that job is no good but student need job in short period of time. Find a good job! Work rather than couch potato in home without action. If were a part-time job person, you have funny experience. University Student has a many experience with various job. With correct money, I buy thing what I want. Work part-time job rather than only study hard. According to my experience, I work every weekend. I study my major and English except for my work time.
In the modern society, many collies gee students tend to get a part time job and actually get a part time job. Some people think that the reason that student's stork is to earn money for their leisure, but students can learn more about the actual society through their part time jobs. Part time job is necessary for college students' carrier because it is a first step for students to get into the actual society. They need to practice what they are going to do in their near future, which comes right after graduation. Although part time jobs are not exactly related to carriers that students want, it still gives experience in school. Students learn skills, which colleges do not teach them, from their part time job. Also part time job can be continued as students' carrier when students are not sure about their future and feel that their part time jobs seem good for their carrier. Part time jobs do more than just letting students earn money to spend. It gives students opportunities to take independent roles in the society and to make themselves more suitable for their future career. Moreover, to pay the high tuition, students need to earn money for their parents'.
Nowadays, we're College's tuition is very expensive I think. Not just my think, All of University student's think same thing. Part-Time-Job is very important thing of our Life. Because we should pay college tuition. But we don't have enough money, so we earn tuition. As a result, university presidents of Korea are like Money. They don't think student's grim realities of life. Now In Seoul, Some University Students demonstrated against the government Or President of University. I marched as in a demonstration of support. Lee. The Korea presidents said presidential election pledge. One of them for this pledge is a half price of University/College Tuition with no strings attached. But Lee. Don't keep his promise. It is natural for They to get angry. I'm upset too. All University students have a same mind and heart. National universities led the increase by raising tuition 41. 8 percent over the past five years, the NSO (National Statistical Office) noted. I don't look so bright of Korea's University. At this rate, All of Poor University's students are hounded by themselves creditors. It's an illogical conclusion. So we prepared our future's Home, Car, Family and Descendant. In conclusion, I agree about the Part-Time-Job for Our livelihood. At the present rate of progress, Korea's national power will be decline. All I care about is feeling complete is Our National Power. Thank you.
It is important for college students to have a part-time job. I agree on this topic. College students have a part-time job. That is important. Because college students don't has a lot of money. And, college students must pay for tuition. What is it helps to part-time job? Most college students receive allowance from parents. But it is not enough. And, most college students need the money for you. So, college students make of the money. And, part-time is making of the money. They can earn money by work. Part-time job to do various experience. First, College students need a social experience. Because, college student are graduate the university. And, College students have a job. So, it is ahead of the social experience. And, part-time job is tells important of money. Also, it tells about the value of money. It is difficult to make money. But, it is easy to spend money. Because of this, part-time job knows valuable money. Finally, it will be helping the self-improvement. It is helping the talent improve. And, it is helps the career choice. Part-time job is experience help in career. So, College student's to have a part-time job is ok. As a part time job, they can get more experience and money. Therefore, I agree on college students to have a part-time job.
I agree this statement. Of course, No student has to have a part-time job, but I think a part-time job is important. Especially, if it is a college student, that's good for pre-experience about society before, they graduate school and work for company or something. It's not necessary but it can be sufficient condition. Also, a part-time job gives different experience. It reminds to Communication between person and person, worth about money, and etc. However, a part-time job is necessity stuff for person who needs money. I heard about US, people in US, they have to have a part-time job when they 18 years old. Because their parents want to give some importance about money to them. I actually, do not have any part-time job now. But I did, I've had and felt importance about money and appreciation for my parents. Of course, I met worst and good people in the world and I felt this world is never easy to live. But because of that experience, I could live in the wild world. It's so rough and dangerous and also not easy, but these experiences will make us stronger. That's the reason I think a part-time job is good for student, especially for college students.
Many students had a part-time job because they need to money. These days, we country is raising prices. And school expenses, pay for the house, etc. They need to a lot of money. There are many advantages and disadvantages. First, you can buy things that you want to buy is without your parents. If you are older, you cannot depend on parents. You getting old, this is too difficult. But if you are working now, this problem is nothing. Because you get the money. Second, you can experience more before you go out in society. We do not see a lot of experience before we go out in society. But if we have a part time job, we do more practical experience. And we know society earlier than others. However, there are more disadvantages than advantages. First, if you have a part-time job, you are tired. So you cannot study hard. And you work hard more than homework and study. Second, Part time job makes you tired. So you cannot study hard. And you work hard more than homework and study. Second, Part time job makes you tired. These advantages and disadvantages had more to lose than gain. Students are studying hard. But if you have part time job, you cannot study.
I think a part time job is very important for college students to help in completing our daily needs and college's administration, more jobs we can get as private teacher, shop assistant, and etc. Because, to have a part time job can make us become independent. A part time job, it can help us to spend spare time, because the lecture does not always full time. Sometimes there is also a lecturer who was unable to attend, so we have a lot of free time that many if not used properly. But we must pay attention to our health. We still have to learn from the work concerned. But more than time is free, until we should be clever content time free by a part time job. But more people disagree about its important for college students to have a part time job, because it can disturb study for college student. Some people have an opinion about its important for college students to have a part time job, because we can get the money not science. That study is more important than a job, because we needs awake healthy, but opinion for college students because time is busy. It's well that free time. It's depends us to repair our time to make it balance between work and study.
I personally will vote against part-time job. Part-time jobs usually experience a lot of people, and people can experience a variety of social and economic independence from their parent's proficient some. Ranging from a terrible imposition on the easiest thing one day and know the importance of money and gifts for their parents in making money, their clothes, women can use significantly from a friend's anniversary gift. However, there are many disadvantages of part-time job. Tied only to part-time classes are too easy to become unfaithful to the trial period, if such becomes insufficient time to study. In addition, in some cases, in a dangerous part-time job for the money lining his pocket with a few extra dollars can be hurt. For example, construction sites, work part-time, part-time restaurant kitchens, factories, etc. , such as part-time part-time jobs are very dangerous. Part-time work is assumed to be at the mercy of his own. If someone is also good for managing credit while working part-time, while the main business by becoming part-time job. There are many credit if I do not manage this well will be adjusted. Part-time job because it is not a profession. Part-time work is a means. Never, part-time jobs should not be a slave.
Now a days, Many college students have a part-time job to earn money. Some of my friends work at restaurant or tutor as a part-time job. I think that it is important for college student to have a part time job. There are some advantages of having a part time job. First, We can feel the value of money. Actually, we don't know the value of money, because our parent gives us some allowances. But by doing part time job, We can earn our own pocket money. Besides, We can realize how hard it is to make money. Second, We can meet various people during part time job. It will be great experience for our social life. Furthermore, It may be helpful to choose our job. On the other hand, There are also disadvantages of having part time job. It demands too much time. Some student do poorly at their college life of part time job. It also influence our grade. In fact, I don't have a part time job in this reason. but I will have it during vacation. If we do it on weekend or vacation, It does not matter. In conclusion, By doing part time job, We can gain a lot from it. It will be a good experience to our life.
These days, a lot of students have part-time jobs. On the Internet and newspapers, many companies are looking for students to work for them. I don't think, however, it is a good idea for students to work part-time while they are going to school. I also don't think it is necessary, because parents support them and pay for their expenses. In addition, having jobs has some negative effects. First of all, education is difficult and complex. To learn and get good grades, students have to study hard. They have to get up early to attend classes, and do their homework at home. It seems to be easy, but it is busy and hard. If students are working part-time after class, they are going to be tired, so it impacts on the next day. It will have negative effects on studying: they won't concentrate, and they will even be able to doze in class. Finally, it will impact on their grades. Next, having part-time jobs interrupts a student's home life. Nowadays, family time tends to decrease. In addition, having work incites this phenomenon. For example, if a student has work after school, he can't have dinner with family. It means that students don't have enough time to spend with families. Finally, if a student works part-time, he may miss out on the fun of his life. He won't be able to play with his friends and enjoy his own spare time. In other words, if a student spends time on working, he can't enjoy his life. I think that a period of students is the freest time except studying. This is because their parents pay for their expenses, and parents help everything that they want. Therefore, students have to concentrate on studying. In conclusion, students' duty is studying. They have to study rather than work because having part-time jobs has some negative effects as above.
Some people object to the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. They think that campus activity is important for college students. They say that you have a part time job whenever you want but campus activity is now or never. I disagree with a point of view because I think it has many benefits to have a part time job for college students. There are two reasons. Firstly, you can get chance to experience job in advance through part time job. After graduation, you will want to have a work in company. If you do not have a part time job during college life, you may be hard to find a job because you do not know that the work suits you. However, if you experience job in advance through part time job, you can know well the job and will check that the job fits you. As a result, you can successfully find a job. Secondly, you will learn how to use money wisely. When you got an allowance from your parents, you would not know how to use money wisely because you did not earn your own money. Though, if you earn money through part time job, you will realize importance of the money and you will be conservative in spending money. In this way that part time job will be help to experience job in advance and learn how to use money wisely, I think it is important to get a part-time job during college life.
College students are the people who are about to be grown up. So they are not perfect adults but the middle of between adults and students. In this situation, doing part-time job will be effective way of developing the quality of grown up. To be grown up, experiencing many kinds of part-time job is very helpful to take responsibility and to make some money. First, having a part time job as a college student is helpful to take responsibility. In fact, it is not easy to take considerable responsibility by student, but it is possible through part-time job. Since they play own roles and perform their work, college students have to take responsibility about given position. Through this process college students can learn while working for other things that they can not learn at school. Secondly, part-time-job is helpful to make some money. Most of college students wants and needs lots of money, so in this point of view, part-time job is typical and easy method to make some money. Therefore students have opportunity of buying what they wants to get or traveling around the world or meeting with friends at fabulous place. Besides these reasons, there are lots of advantages about doing part time job. Because the time is limitedly, so it is hard to keep balance between doing study and doing part time job as a student. But part-time job deserve careful consideration as it is generally helpful to college students.
These days, there are many chances to get a part-time job especially for college students and many of them try to work as part-timers. Even though this maintenance, It is important for college students to have a part-time job still can be argued in terms of losing their own works such as studying, I think having a part-time job is important for college students. There are three reasons to agree with this topic. First, experiencing a part of society can be the best way to know what it is or how it works. It means that they can find a job in the future based on those experiences. Second, having a part-time job is also helpful to establish their economic concept. If the students do not try to do any economic activity, they might just rely on their parents. Making money by themselves can make them think economically. Third, getting into a new world outside of school is very helpful to adjust to real working place after they get graduate. In my conclusion, having a part-time job is important for college students. It can be helpful to find appropriate job, develop economic concept, and know how to adjust outside of school. That's why I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
Recently, lots of students who attend to college have a part-time job. Some of having a part-time job are doing this for their pocket money, and others are doing this which just make use of their spare time. Although I think that it is a difficult thing students to study and do a part-time job at the same time, it is needed experience of students. First, as doing a part-time job, college students can learn social communications. Most of the part-time job we doing are a private tutoring and working in a store such as café, restaurant and so on. That is, we can have opportunity of meeting people other than friends. Second, we can get some independence from parents in the financial aspect. Until now, we often have tendency to depend on our parents about money. However, if we do our part-time job, then we earn a little money. Third, as we doing our part-time job, we can get to know difficulty about earning money so we have more diligence than doing not that. In conclusion, the part-time job has so many advantages for students in the educational, economic aspects for these three reasons. Also, I have two part-time jobs and learn many things from them. Needless to say, the students must study hard for their future. However, the part-time job makes students learn the ways of living in the world. Thus, I strongly think that part-time job is a important thing to students.
There are two reasons why I feel this way. One reason for my argument is that students can learn about society. The other reason is that students can learn more responsibility of spending money. First reason is that students who have part time job can learn about society. Specifically, they can learn about responsibility as employee. Students should go to work even if they have quiz or many papers. Also, they can know how to write application form and statement of purpose. If student does not have any experience of working as part-timer, they cannot know and exercise writing forms. This lack of experiment makes for them to have difficulties when they should get a job near future. Second reason is that they can learn responsibility of spending money. They can know difficulties of making money, so these difficulties makes for them to get more responsibility of spending money. For example, many students who do not have any earn money spend easily too much money, so they often have great amount of debt. When students attend college, making money teach them how to manage and spend money. For above reasons, I strongly claim that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
We cannot get a job if we are in middle or high school, so it is first time for getting a job when we enter into university, although it is a part-time job. To get a job means that we can involve social interaction, and it is very important for college students to know society. In Korea, there is no opportunity to know society when we are in middle or high school because Korea educational situation force students to only study hard. Their ultimate aim is to enter good university, so most of them do not know about people and world. They can know many things related to subjects, but they cannot know the real tings related to society. However, if we go university and start part-time job, we must learn many things about the world because someday, we must work in society after we graduate. In this situation, part-time job can give you a lot of advantages. First, the part-time job can support you indirect experience of your future job. Through part-time job, we can draw your future job in your mind. And also, we can earn money, so it is help our parents. Therefore, I agree part-time job of college students.
In many countries, college students have a part-time job and it is relatively common and encouraged in western counties compared to Korea. In fact, some people think that it is not much important than studying and they may be getting distracted from academic learning. However, I do not agree with these opinions for several reasons below. First, college students get independent economically from their parents by earning money themselves. Korean students tend to be very dependent on their parents, especially, in a financial aspect. This is one of the reasons that young people in Korea are lack of managing difficulties in their lifetime by comparison with people in other countries. Even if a part-time job is not high salary, it is more important for college students to raise their independence in broad perspective. Second, it helps college students to get practical abilities that are hard to learn from a school. Academic learning tends not to be really practical to apply for living a life. It is mainly because of the difference between the climates of a school and a workplace. For example, it is not acceptable to make a mistake at work, because if it keeps happening, people get fired in the end. For this reason, students are needed to be more careful and responsible to take care of many rules than just being a student. Consequently, they acquire useful and practical abilities by doing a part-time job, and it also helps them to work more efficiently when they start working after graduation. I'm convinced that having a part-time job is also important for their future, and so we primarily need to make a better working climate for students and encourage them to experience it.
There are two reasons for that. First, having a part time job suggests that they can make money. Tuition fee of the universities is very expensive these days. On top of that, it is on the rise. Except for the few students that come from rich families, it is difficult to expect sufficient financial support for tuition, books, living, and so on from their families. Therefore, most students need to supplement their spending at least partly through part-time jobs. Second, they can experience the real world, which means they can take part in the real economic situations. College students should be ready for economic activities. College is the preparation for the upcoming social activities. When students graduate, they need to start economic activities, meaning they need to earn some money, and they need to do this for the rest of their lives. Therefore, before they enter the real world, it is important that they get sufficient practice beforehand. Through this process, they will realize how hard it is to earn money, and other than just simply earning money, it will help them with how to plan their life.
I do not agree that having a part time job is important for college students. If the job helps them to find their desirable future job, it may be good for them. However, if the purpose of having a part time job is only to make money, it would be good for them not to do any. Doing a part time job can have a negative effect on students' study. College years are the crucial period when students think about and prepare for their future. It is only two or four years which is not enough to care about both study and a part time job. One of the critical elements for a better future job is getting a good grade. Grading is highly competitive in college and most students study hard to get a good grade. Students who have a part time job are unlikely to do a better job on their exams than other students who do not have one and only focus on studying. Making small amount of money is not worth missing chances to get a better job. Some students might say that they have to make money by doing a part time job to pay for college enrollment fee. It is not a good idea due to the reason above. It is better for them to use some student loans the government or other institutions offer and pay back after they get a job they want. There would be some interest for the loans but despite the interest it will be good for them to use a loan rather than to spend much time doing a part time job. It is because they might feel huge regret when they find themselves unable to get a desirable job owing to the time spending for the part time job they have done.
When people go to college, most of them start to spend a lot of money compared to their high school days in books, house rent and even drinks. It is clear that they need some money, but I do not think it is a good idea to ask parents for money. College students should become somewhat independent from their parents with money matters, because they are not children anymore. Parents might support their children's college tuition a little, but they cannot pay everything for their children. Moreover, having a part-time job will make college students know the value of money, and make them not waste money because they know how hard it is to make money. There is another reason why it is important to have a part-time job. Having part-time jobs will give college students job experiences before they have a full-time job. It would be really helpful if they find their interests or even hidden talents through part-time jobs before they have a full-time job. Some people regret having their full-time job after they realize that the job was not exactly as same as what they expected. Part-time job is less risky than full-time job. For their future job careers, I highly recommend college students have a part-time job.
They are more than 18 years old and it means they're legally adults who should avoid receiving a financial support from their parents and live by themselves. Some people think it is okay for college students to get help from parents because they're students whose main role is to study. Also, there are many parents who don't want their children to have part-time job since it is critical period for them to study, do many worthy things to write on their resume. Many students do part-time job to get money not for living their lives, but for buying things which are not basic stuff, like shopping or leisure. In this case, they waste their time twice more than other people on earning and spending money. For that reason many parents want them to spend their time in other things worthier than winning bread. To do part-time job is important, but to know the value of money and spend properly is more important. College students should know how hard it is to make money and learn how to spend their money properly and wisely. For this reason they should earn money although they're student. They can also learn how to spend limited budget and time wisely through doing part-time job before they become a real worker.
We all are living in a competitive world. The modern society requires us to be more experienced, more talented, and more professional. As stated in Darwin's theory of natural selection, the survival of the fittest still applies to our lives, no matter of our age or gender. I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job at any time of their academic career, if they can, in order for them to experience as many things as possible. A part-time job allows one to be exposed to the environment of a real workplace. Students working as a cashier of a tiny bookstore or a waitress of a fancy restaurant have more knowledge about the working system in the bigger picture than students who are only regular customers. For instance, they can become familiar with the hierarchical structure of the workplace, manufacture and transportation of the goods and services, and most importantly, the value of earning money -- along with economic concepts, independence. Part-time jobs let college students learn many aspects of a working person, as mature adults. Moreover, people who work as students will be more prepared when any abrupt situations come up. One never knows how his or her life will turn out to be. It is always better to have experienced something previously because the chances of making the same mistake next time are slimmer and one can plan ahead for the next step. Besides, part-time jobs can provide valuable friendships; the people you meet as a college student part-time worker may be a great help in the future. In conclusion, the experience and social connections together are the best advantages that a student can get from part-time job. Learning a new thing is always a good thing. As young adults, college students should be encouraged to take any available part-time job opportunities, so that they will be more prepared for the competitive real society.
Many students work at a part time job to earn their school fee or living money. So it is pouring in the part time job to working students. But some people see this situation as bad. Because they worried that the students would not study for working. Although there are some concerns, I think that working at a part time job when we are students has a lot of advantages. First, we can get the independence from making some money themselves. Most of students tend to depend on their parents although they become adults. And parents support their children excessively. It is bad action not help to their children. They also must grow independence as an adult. And it can be improved from working at a part time job. Second, we can get the economic sense. We cannot notice that earning the money is not easy if we have never worked directly. In that, we need to work to grow the economic sense. Most of the parents say to their children like that. Don't use the money carelessly. This money is not given for nothing. But if we work at a part time job when we are student, they can this wisdom of life deeply. Finally, we can become faithful person. Many part time job need a faithful person and sincere person. So while working at a part time job, we can learn the character like that. Such as faith and sincerity are important to work and also study. So working at a part time job is so helpful. We can get lots of good things from working at a part time job. I agree that working at a part time job has much advantages to students.
If you are a college student, you are interested in a part-time job. As a college student, you are adult but you depend on your parents financially. That's the why you want to have a part-time job. Although I do not have any experience about part-time job, I agree the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, I think a part-time job can help college students experience the social life early. It is not long since students became the adult. So they need to have more experiences for their psychological maturity. A part-time job can be the best experience that helps students adjusts the real world. Second, I think a part-time job can improve student's independence. In Korea, many college students get an allowance form their parents. However, this can be not helpful to both students and parents. Students try to read their parents' mind because parents cover all the expenses that include tuition and allowances. And parents also have a burden because of money. Having a part-time job can be the best solution. And part-time job also help them improve independence. In conclusion, I think a part-time job is important and necessary to college students because of experiencing social life and improving independence. Actually I also do not experience a part-time job. In this winter vacation, I plan to have a part-time job for improving my independence.
Many students have trouble deciding whether to study in group or not, however, studying alone is much better in many ways. First of all, studying alone has no restriction on place, while studying in group requires suitable place where it is okay to make some noise. Students can study alone anywhere according to personal preference. On the contrary, as long as studying in group accompanies discussions or explanations, it is unavoidable to make some noise. Therefore, students have to find right place to study which is quite annoying. Second, self studying helps students concentrate more and get deeper understand. There is nothing that interrupts student's concentration. On the other hand, group studying is subject to be distracted as study members become closer through studying together. Lastly, students can pace themselves when they study alone. Each student has different grasping ability. Some students can learn easier and faster while others need more time understanding. However, when students study in group, sometimes they should wait or hurry to catch up with others. Especially, students who lack understanding may be busy just following others progress without understanding and it will lead to the loss of the student's pace. Therefore, studying alone is more convenient and effective than studying in group.
Studying is primary task for college students. However, it is also important to have experience to earn money and have a part-time job. There are mainly three two reasons for my opinion. Firstly, working through a part-time job can be good experiences for college students before they get a job. By working as a part-timer, they can learn how to deal with unexpected situations and how to communicate people who they don't really know. I have worked as a part-timer and it sometimes made me feel exhausted mentally and physically. But through the experience, I could not only make some money but also grow in many aspects. Working experience is a part of socialization to enter new world. Secondly, through part-time job they can learn how much difficult earning money is and they can also learn it is important and necessary to spent money properly. Many students doesn't have chance to work during their school life because they are really busy on studying. So some students do not know how hard their parents make money in work places. Therefore, they need to know and experience difficulty of earning money. To be prepared for future social life and to learn importance of money, I think it is better for college students to have a part-time job.
There are several reasons why I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, I think doing part-time job is a great opportunity for students to experience the society in advance. Through this experience they can learn by mistakes which in society are not actually accepted. They can enjoy this activity without the heavy burden of being scolded by the boss and they can experience different kinds of things through this. Secondly, they can search for their carriers. Actually, after graduating college and getting a job, it's difficult to change. However, from the experience of part-time job, a college student can search for the most suitable job they think it's appropriate for them. By doing this, they would not regret after being an adult. Another reason why part-time job is important is because students can learn to be responsible. They have their own responsibility and they will struggle to do it no matter what happen. By doing so, they learn to be independent and not just being mommy's son or daughter all the times. They realized that in this world there are things that they have to do and solve by themselves and I consider part-time job to be the right choice. Finally, students learn the notion of money. These days, many students are not aware of the importance to manage the money. If these people are given the opportunity to work, it will change. It is likely that they realize that money is something precious and it's the result of hardworking.
I think part-time job is not that good for college students. Part-time job which college students can do is very limited. Restaurant serving, coffee shop, tutoring and so on. It can take way too much time, so most of the college students who have part-time job don't have enough time to study their major, do their homework, even sleep. Many students must make their allowance, because university tuition is very high. However, I think it is better to get a scholarship instead of making money through part-time job. There is another problem. I had made my allowance myself from the first grade to third grade of university. I earned a lot of money with tutoring, also I spent all of the money I had earned. The more I made money, the more I spent. The amount of consumption was increasing at that time. Now, I am fourth grade, and I don't have time to do a part-time job. I can't afford to take my high and big consumption habbit. I think students' job is study hard not that making money or spending money. So I don't agree with this sentence' It is important for college students to have a part-time job. '
Have you ever experienced about a part-time job? Nowadays, lots of college students have various part-time jobs. Some students have more than 2 jobs at the same time. Then, why do they decide to do a part-time job? There are several advantages of that. The most important reason is from the fact that they can earn money by doing a part-time job. Generally, tuition of universities is so high that students may have such a burden of money. Except tuition, there might be other things to pay in their basic life, such as charge for food, transportation, or even their cell phones. In looking at these points, it becomes clear that college students need to make some money by themselves. They can solve this problem by doing a part-time job. In addition, if they work for something, they are able to become more independent. During the period of doing a part-time job, they might suffer from various situations. It could be a good chance to become a mature adult. Furthermore, they can form a personal relationship in the work place. It is really useful and essential point in every personal life. To summarize, college students decide to do a part-time jobs due to making money, huge experiences, and a personal relationship. Even looking at these advantages mentioned above, it is certain that doing a part-time job is so important for college students.
Nowadays, many college students can get a job in society. They can be not only coffee maker in cafe but also intern staff for their work experiences. To get a part time job is important for college students and they can get a valuable experience in their lives. Many college students can get chances to living more broader by working their small job. They should not be only studying students. Experiencing the world that we live is sometimes more important than only reading a book in library. Also, they can get the part time job easily in their twenties. Youth is privilege that they can make anything whatever they want. Therefore, they had better get a job as they are young. Then, the part time job provides the money to students. Students can having more valuable allowance itself. Even if they can get a small pay, it can be much to college students. In addition, they can save money more efficiently by working their own job. To sum up, having the part time job for college students is like having a chance to living more widely. Therefore, I think that it is positive for students to get the part time job.
I agree that college student has part-time job. I think that it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. The first reason is money. Tuition of college is very big money. Because of this, parents is so hard. so, it is nice that you make money with part-time job to earn own pocket money. secondly, it is great for socialization. having part-time job, you will meet many person. so, it is a good plan to have part-time job to learn social life. next, you know difficulties of making money and advisedness of spending. you will learn that you spend money economically. because you are very hard to make money. last, you will great at time management. With having part-time job, habit of lastness can be cured. and because of shortage of time, you will learn the value of time. so, you will spend time worthily. Of cause, having part-time job for college student has weakness. For example, a shortage of time, frequent accidents, etc. but, advantage of having part-time job outnumber disadvantage. and having part-time job is very good experience with your college life. so, i agree that college student has part-time job with above reasons.
Recently, there is a hot debate arouse whether taking a part-time job will benefit university students or not. Some people who advocate the opinion of having a casual job believe that it helps the students in not only financial terms but also mental aspects. Other people argue that it is too hard for them to allocate the time to balance between study and work. In this essay, it will discuss both of advantages and disadvantages of having a part-time job. Firstly, there are various advantages to work part-time for university students who will get into the outside world soon after graduation. The experience of working during study will make them better equipped with not only academy from the school but also practice from working experience. It will also give freedom from financial dependency on their parents, even though the amount of money they earn is not quite a lot, that will take off some burden from their parent's shoulder. Secondly, the most important output would be learning social skills by confronting or dealing with outside people. Through this kind of experience, university students will learn some skills that they cannot learn from the textbooks. Interacting with people outside will provide them with a greater confidence and opportunities to see real world. People standing against the arguments, however, claims that the most of students will fail to allocate their time properly on balancing between study and work. Moreover, interacting with their peer students is very crucial while they are still developing their characteristics. For example, having a money mind that thinks everything in terms of money value will ignore some valuable things in life, such as teaching poor children for free or volunteer work for underdeveloped countries. In conclusion, in my opinion, advantages of part-time working outweigh the disadvantages greatly. However, we still cannot ignore the negative effects so we should try to minimize the disadvantages to the least extent without sacrificing advantages.
Is it important for college students to have a part time job? I agree that college students works part time job. Because of Firstly, We can make money. College tuition have steadily increased every year. So, Parents worried about that pay College tuition. Nevertheless, We can't pay all college tuition. But, We can prepare pocket money. I think that It's not much money, but it will be extremely useful. Also, we can realize importance of money. Secondly, We can practical experience in advance. Commonly students of Korea lack sense of independence. Because many parents tend to overprotect to their children. But self-independence can increase by we put to it. Thirdly, We can develop one's aptitude. Nurturing one's aptitude difficult beforehand in Korea. Because course of study of Korea is teaching by rote. But nurturing one's aptitude would be easier through a varied experience. Finally, We can meet various people. If we live in the school and home, meeters are contain limit. But we can meet various people by part time job. On this account, I agree that college students works part time job.
I think that part time job is very important during university life. First, Work, it is very precious experience. Part time jobs in university life are almost part of service. So, through work that part of service, we can meet people of various fields and can talk with a strange person. First time I have part time job, I can't talk with other strange person because I have no confidence and shy. But, now I can talk perfectly strange person. I think these experience is privilege of part timer. Next, We can know important of money. Until high school student, I always live with pocket money given by my parents and I didn't know it is hard to make money. After becoming 20, I work hard to earn money about 5000-6000won per hour and now, I think carefully when I spend money just drinking a cup of coffe and just eating a spoon of ice cream. During five month that I work to earn money, I have had very various part time jobs but I want to have more various jobs and meet more people of various fields. because I think it is very valuable experience that can do during part time jobs and its experience is so powerful. Therefore I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job.
In Korea, college students have a hight level of dependence on their parents about economical matters, and responsibilities of parents for their children also continue until the college education. Even many parents should pay the college tuition. Although there are many diffrent considerations, I believe that the college students should have a part time job because of several reasons. First of all, the college students have accountability to make their own spending money. I know they can not economic independence completly in college, but they can fully make money for small expense by themselves. For example, a regular income from the part time job will come in useful to you when you want to buy dresses, cosmetics, books and refreshments, etc. Next, the part time job gives you the chance when you want to experience your future job. For example, if you hope to be a curator when you graduate from college, the part time job in a gallery will be helpul to your job. It will be a career just not the part time job. In the last thing, the part time job is a good way of learning valuable social skills. In my case, I often felt difficult to meet and talk many random people, so I decided to get a part time job in sales. Later, I finally overcame my problems as meeting people in a shop. To summarize, I think accumulating a variety of experience through the part time job helps you in whatever you choose to do later in life. Therefore having part time job will be important process to collge studen
﻿I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. While it is true that college tuition fees are high these days, there have also been scholarships and loans being offered too. I believe that this has to take into account the idea of'opportunity cost'. Take for example the case of a student who is deciding whether or not to work to support his studies or to spend more time studying to obtain a better result. The student has the option of working harder and spending more time to study to obtain scholarship for his studies. The scholarship could solve the student's financial problems in addition to getting excellent results. I believe that this is an issue of investment of time. Students who do part time job are generally tired when they attend classes. This could affect their studies indirectly. A person could choose to instead invest his or her time on studies instead while applying for a loan to support the tuition fees. Being able to pay the tuition fees by working part time and being tired or sleepy in classes is not a good option. By doing the comparison, spending more time on studies thus getting better results and obtaining a scholarship is a better one. In conclusion, the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job should be discarded as it is not a viable alternative of solving a person's financial constraint problems. It is not wise for a student to forgo his studies to support his or her school tuition fees.
I think that college students have a part-time jab before graduating from university. Because they didn't have any experience about a part-time job, they will be embarrassed in society. In my case when I was a fresh man, I worked Lotto Riau as a part time worker for one year. And my parents recommended me to have a part-time job before going to army. I think it was good experience for me to meet various people and got little money. Even though I got living money from my parents, that was not enough to live. But since I had a part-time job, I could live better than I didn't have it. There is a bad aspect. It means I couldn't concentrate on my study. After working for 6 months, I thought whether I stop working or not. My choice was keep it going. At that time, I was young. So I had many chance in future and I had to go to army. Now I don't regret it. If I turn a fresh man, I would work also. Some people think having a part-time job is spent time in their life. Otherwise people who would have a part-time job, they will be succeed than no having experience. If you are living in Korea, I want you to have a part-time job when you are young.
Lots of problems exist in part time job. I would like to discuss low wage, behavior of superior, and no break time during work. I have done part time job in Korea the time I was working these three problems caused me lots of stress when I was at work the manager treated me bad he swore at me and shouted at me in front of people, At the work break time was not guaranteed if the manager see me moving slowly he told me to walk faster or to run, of course the wage was not so good and I didn't get paid in proper date. Behavior of manager or superior at the work in work, I heard bad news more than good news. In my case as I said. Manager used to swore at part time job workers. This problem should be fixed as soon as possible because part time job workers has personality too they do not deserve that my onion is relationship between part time job worker and superior should be improved for good. The second problem is break time is not guaranteed. Human kind requires food, sleep, etc.. To live a keep up but at the part time job work employers want worker to work until shift is done that might increase the incest but that is the good way to lose people
Part time job is a way to look for my job. We can also experience many jobs through the part time job. It is very important to experience other jobs because we don't know that what we are interested in and want to be. So I think it is very good ways. I had part time jobs several times. It was very hard experiences but it is great time for me. When I needed money I sold clothes last year. I worked on the department store. It was very hard and I really wanted quit so fast. But I needed money to travel abroad so I couldn't do that. When I was 21, I worked at theater. It was very interesting times but I stressed about money. Because I checked money and calculated money exactly the theater earned money. I also worked at buffet. The work was very hard but eating delicious food was very good. Sometimes people gave me tip so I thought it was a cool job. Few months ago, I taught middle school students. It was hard work too because middle school students were not listen my speeches. I think many jobs that I experienced are going to be good sources in my future. Someday, you can experience many part time jobs too.
I agree with the question. I have four reasons. First of all, I think it is important for university students to experience before getting a job. For example, if students who are finished university get a job and have to hardly work, they can not accuratly work. that is because they have not enough experiences. In the university, no one teaches excutive abilities. Second, lots of korean students do not know valuableness about money since lots of korean university students get a pocket money from parents. i think people who have never experienced about part-time job do not know notableness about money. Third, to know about spending money. I think a lot of student do not have experience to work as a part-time job and they do not know how to management spending money. Because they have never experienced working and earning the money themselves. so it is good at experience for university student to work as a part time job. Last thing is that they can know lots of people. If students who work part time job, they can be know a lot of workers than general university student. In Korean, it is important to know the people who is in the same part. consequentially, I agree with working part-time job for university students.
Most college students get a part time job even during school days. Needless to say, lots of students try to get a job in summer or winter vacation. All because they have to make a living for themselves. College registration fee is expensive they say, and I agree. It's hard to imagine our parents paying up all those moneys. That's why we need part time jobs. Although some do it because they do need money. I say part time jobs are good experience for all of us. But bad if the students try to make part time jobs as their eternal job. Some don't go to school at all'cause of it. Anyways, even with all their hard effort trying to earn, the regular wage rules are not being kept. My friend was working in an internet café for 3000won an hour. It's not fair. How can he make a living out of it? It should be increased or people should observe the rules. I intend to get a part time job in summer. But I don't want to work under these circumstances. But I need money which makes me that I have no choice. I somehow wish this could all change for all of us.
I'm also a current college student and agree, the students who work even just a small part-time job at school are more motivated to get work done. Now, some students do live off of their own parents' money, which is fine if they are that fortunate. However, if they don't have a need to work, these students should be involved in a club or some type of other activity. There's a lot of responsibility that goes into running an organization on campus and it can help students remained grounded in a similar way that a regular, paying job would. Ultimately, anything that keeps students from becoming lazy is a good thing. Holding down a part-time job during college is important for many different reasons. Students will make them more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having to focus on their studies is not a valid excuse, because there are many options available for part-time work, ranging from a few hours per week at an on-campus job to 20-30 hours per week in the service industry off campus. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part-time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management. If students keep their priorities straight and find a part-time job that is at least tolerable, students will be adding an important element to their future resume.
I am going to write as a college student. First of all yes. I agree with the topic. Doing part time job is essential for the students especially college students. But it costs a lot to go to the university. Most college students lack both time and money in Korea. Of course it's important to earn money but all of the universities require money too much. Most students can't afford the money by themselves. Me either. I think we should go abroad or experience many of things we haven't done instead study all day or work every day and stay home. I insist it is important to do a part time job but I hate how we have to do a part time job. Anyway we can learn many things from doing part time job. Such as endurance, responsibility and conversation skills etc... I think these are much more important than the money we earn from doing part time job. We can also learn how to use our time efficiently. To be at work on time, we schedule. That is how we learn to use our time. In addition typically it's boring to do a part time job. So I do some exercise or read a newspaper when I am free during the work. You don't? But I do!
One year's age, I had a part time job which was a cahier. While working cashier, I felt several disciplines. At the time, I spent money in clothes, accessories, rings. I didn't know money value. But, I worked myself so I regretted my spending. I knew that my parents did hard work. And I felt studying. While working, I wanted to study. Study is very easy work. I knew that I dislike physical work. I wanted to work that is knowledge. So, I always write my income and outcome. When I got some pocket money, I didn't spend it. Everything was saving at my account. And I really hard study for I get my knowledge. Part time is so very value experience. If I had not worked part time job, I would have realized money value and studying value. It gives me high mental quality. I think that people must part time job at young age. These days I get high English mark and am be good student. I must not forget my part time. My experience is so informative and helpful. I want to work another job so I want to know another value. My children suggest that part time is so good experience.
During your college days, you don't want waste time but usually many student regret that you invaluably spend your time. But I think there are some ways not to waste your time, while you study at university. The one of them is to have a part time job. In fact, many students have a part time job, which is like waiter, cashier, seller, etc. , during your college days, to earn money, to get an experience or so. It is very helpful for student to get a job. And very important. Even though they don't have to get a part time job to earn money. So I will explain to you that why it is important. First, you can meet various people. Of course, you can meet people at your school but it is different between people whom you would meet at your workplace and people whom you would meet at your school. I think talking with various people gives you a lot of idea. Also you could have a chance to get information which you want to get. If you do part time job is related your future work, you can meet some people who have some information you need. It is more advantage than other people who don't part time job. Second, you earn money, having part time job. So you can realize how important money is and how to spend money. You could have a habit of saving money. Because you don't want to waste the money you earned. Some of student's waste money, but almost student doesn't waste the money they earned themselves. Thus I think during your college days, doing part time job is very helpful, valuable, and merited things. So. I recommend you to do part time job, while you are in university.
What kind of or how many part time jobs (easily Alba) did or do you have? Most of the students have experienced part time job so as to prepare tuition or earn my own pocket money in college. Because of increasing tuition, nowadays student should have experience it particularly. During Carrying out part time job, you stand on yourself own legs and be formed sense of economy, be aware of value of money. On the other hands, because you who do excessively many jobs might pay no attention to study, learning time relatively is decreased. For example, if you work during the night or weekdays, maybe you fall sleep in class. Therefore you don't understand or miss content in class. Commonly'part time job' means temporary employee. It's fine that you earn money as to temporary employee until you attend college. But not graduate. After graduation, if you still work temporary employee, you are not satisfied your life. Maybe you have a dream. If you want to achieve your dream, you must study hard. There is a right time for everything, even studying. Through part time job, it is important that you make an experience but you always remind your duty. No matter what to do you try to keep a balance between work and study.
Some people might hastily say that only attending a university is the easiest and fastest way to live a successful life because a college education is the surest method that guarantees one's success. However, I am convinced that having a part-time job is desirable for college students. Because it can develop your practical skills and experience what is society. To begin with, you can improve your practical skills necessary for a successful career earlier instead of wasting four or more years in college. In Korea, most college students, including soon-to-be graduates, are unfamiliar with practical work skills necessary when they start a job. The reason is that they focus mainly on theoretical knowledge while attending college. Moreover, by having a part-time job, students can save a lot of time and money that can play a role in a person's success. College students have to spend four or more years only studying at school without earning any money. In addition to spending a long time as a student, they have to spend a huge amount of money on expensive tuition and college life, such as taking trips to overseas countries during summer or winter vacations. However, if they have a part-time job they could save enough time and money to become successful. They can save up a certain amount of money each month for stocks and housing investment or work abroad a long time to have various work experiences. In this respect, getting a part-time job seems to be a wise decision for students. In conclusion, for the above reasons. I strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
Have you ever worked as a part-timer? These days, university students should choice a part time job because the students can't be supported their studying and living expenses by their parents. Moreover, Korean universities have been increasing their tuitions year after year. Though university students should concentrate on their studying, they can't study well. Sometimes, they absent from school because they worked very hard last night. But if you can't avoid it, how about enjoy it? I have some advice about part time jobs as a senior. First, get a job which you really interested in. If your dream is a diplomat, you should consider working in a company that using English. It is painful that someone working in a not-wanted job. For example, I've worked in an English institution as a teacher of elementary students. And it has given me friendships with foreign friends and English skills. Second, do your job as you are a professional. There will be not a person who doesn't like hard-working people. You can meet some friends who will help you. If you work hard, it will be helpful not only for your benefit, but also for your image. Working is hard, but the fruits are sweet. You can think you are unhappy because you should be working when your wealthy friend is playing. But part-time job is not just for money. You will have many chances during the working hour: recognizing the mind of your parents, rewarding of job and value for money.
Have you ever done part time job? If you did not, you should try it. Because Part time job is very useful. I am sure that you can get many things through the part time job. Why am I think so that? First, you can get a new experience when you do part time job. You did not even know before do the part time job, but you could the experience indirectly. For example, if you want to be a teacher, you could teach the students in academy Second, It also good for your career to get a job. If you have various careers, you can give more good impression to your boss or interviewer. Third, you have an aim, so live more energetic life during working part time job. For example, you will work it so you can go to travel or buy something that you want usually. Finally, you can feel that you make money by yourself. I think that is the most attractive thing in this topic. You can afford whatever you want, when you have done the part time job. For these reasons, part time job is very useful and you should try this in your life. Try it now!
I truly agree with the topic. Our life is too short to study only. We are too young and beautiful to be captured in a school for studying and studying again. I know that studying is a very important job as a student, but we had already been studying for so long. There are so many things to do outside of school. Experiences from the past will make a person who he or she is. I think we need to experience as many things as possible, and experiences will help us when we have the same kind of problems in the future. Our parents have supported us financially so far. We are now at the age of being able to take responsibility on our own. We can make money for our phone bills and allowances. However, I highly recommend you to find appropriate work, try different jobs and study hard. First, if we work at a bar or a convenient store at very late night until morning, then it won't be helpful for us. Second, if we try different types of jobs in four years, experiencing types of work must be somewhat help you to find the perfect job when you need to get a job for a living in the future. If we work too hard, we might be neglectful when it comes to studying. Let's not forget that we are students. We need to step further to enjoy our school life and be a better person by having a part-time job. Do everything as long as you can. We can be an independent individual and a good-graded student at the same time.
Many students are having part time jobs these days. It became one of the cultures among young people. They work at caf辿, fast food store, a convenient store and so on. Mostly the reason they look for part time jobs is to earn money because there are many things they want to buy in twenties. But some other says that having a part time is an important experience to learn a real world. I don't agree with that. It might be helpful if a student has a part time job just for a month. One month is enough time to learn how hard earning money is or how tough this world is. But if the student works for a long time, I think that is the time to have problems. The works they do is usually mere work not professional. They easily get tired compare to others who don't have a part time job and it also influence their grades. I think school grades, traveling, chasing dream are the things truly important to young people. There are so many thing they should care bating part time jobs. I think if you want to experience the world, an intern ship would be better than a part time job.
I read an article, which is about whether teenagers should have a part time job. In today's society, more and more college students have part time job after school. In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time and the reasons are as follows. First, I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Or if the kids can give the parents the money that is earned by them, their parents will be very happy. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance.
Is part-time job important for students? Today, many college students have part-time job for several reasons. I think it is very important for their college lives to have part-time job for the following reasons. Firstly, they can have experience on society before they graduate their college. Through the part-time job, they can learn business manner and communication skill with others as the society requests. Secondly, they can live independently by having part-time job. They can earn some money for their college tuition and their own leisure life without their parents' help, and also, they can buy something they have wanted. Lastly, it is a very good opportunity for college students to think about their parents' efforts for them. From birth to high school, most of them have been given their parents' money and efforts. Through the part-time job, they finally know the fact that they parents earn money in a different way. For these reasons, I totally agree that it is very important for college students to have part-time job. They can get valuable things through part-time job.
I agree that college students have a part time job. There are some reasons. First, students who have a part time job can help support a family. These days the college tuition fees and food expenses are growing. Parents' worries and sigh are also growing. If students have a part time job and earn their pocket money, they could aid family finances. Next, It can help increase experiences and careers to work part time job. Most people get a job after they graduated from the school. If we have a experience about part time job, when we get a job we can easily adapt ourselves to place of work. Finally, we can know the value of money. Give an example. I receive allowance from my parents. Because they give me pocket money on a weekly basis, I don't feel well the shortage of money. So I tend to spend all money if money exists. Therefore, college students who get a allowance lavish their money on everything since they don't make money. But, college students who have a part time job know the value of money and use money frugally. Like this there are many adventages of part time job. Although side effects of it exist, I hope that students wii be independent through working a part time job.
I believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two reasons and the first one is concerned with economic situation. That is, these days the college fee is very high in Korea, so there are some students who had to stop their study regardless of their intention. Of course, students can take a scholarship but it is available for a few students. Therefore, to cover their school fee, college students have to have a part-time job. In fact, many college students are doing a part-time job such as private tutoring and serving in the restaurant after school. The second reason is that although taking a part-time job looks like a kind of obligation, it can enrich students' life. As a college student, it is important to concentrate on their major and study. However, I think that experiencing diverse things is one of the college students' duties and taking a part time job can be one valuable experience. For example, if there is a college student who wants to be a teacher, he or she can consider whether the dream is right for him or her by doing private tutoring. On the other hand, although a student is doing a part time job that is not related with his or her dream, he or she can find what he or she really wants as doing it.
It is important for college student to have part-time job. Having part-time job has many advantages to college students. First is financial advantage. Most of college students enjoy their school life with their pocket money. It is quite limited and also it makes students more financially dependent. Earning money student themselves makes student independent and giving chance them to manage their own money. Secondly, college student can learn social roles by having part-time job. Under graduate students hard to get a'job' because they do not have any degree. So before getting career, part-time job can be an alternative. By doing part-time job, student can learn social role, duty and responsibility. They can stand alone as a worker. It could be the priceless experience. Thirdly, Student can use their time more efficiently. It can be sounded ironic but having part-time job can make student more punctual and improve time-management skills. It is a shame that wasting college life with drinking and doing nothing. Part-time job is literally'part' time job. It does not really interrupt students studying time. There are many advantages to have a part-time job. It is not only for earning money but also shaping students social skills.
I think it is necessary for college students to have a part time job, because these kinds of experience give student to valuable moments which learn about many things. There are several reasons to support my idea. First of all, students learn the importance of money, and they take care of money far better than before. Because through doing part-time job, they learn that it is really hard for them to make money. So they learn the value of money which they have spent very uselessly. Secondly, part-time job would give students to diverse social experiences. They have to learn how to hang out their boss in the office, and how to treat their customers by doing part-time job. Thus, they finally learn the real world which is very different from the comfortable world in the school. These kinds of experiences are very useful for them to work at the office after graduating the college. In conclusion, I strongly support the idea that it is better for college students to have a part time job. Not only it can give students to realize the importance of the money, but also it can make students to experience real social world which is very different from the school word.
Most college students in Korea do not have enough money to use in their daily life. Because college students do not work in a company, they just get money from their parents. As they get money from their parents, they can be uncomfortable about spending money. However, it is not good for them to get money from their parents because they are adults. They have a duty that they have to make money by themselves as adults. So, I want to suggest to college students that they have to get a part-time job to make money by them selves. Part-time job is good way to make money even though they are not graduated from their school. Part- time job can make people earn money not giving up their study. Also, there is another good point of doing part-time job. If college students do the part-time job, they can feel economical society prior to getting a job. When they get a job, they may have problems that they have not experienced before. However, they can manage to do their job, if they have ever experienced the social life before. Doing part-time job will be their precious experience that makes them endures their problems with the company in the future.
I think that it is very important for college student to do some part time jobs. At this age, they are not just a baby of their parents anymore. They are not also just students of the school anymore who can't do his or her own works alone. As a college student, they have to prepare for their independent life when graduating from the school. Therefore, they have to learn how to earn the money to sustain their lives themselves. To be sure, all the money that needs to sustain lives can't be earned by part time job but at least they have to earn their allowance themselves. In addition, parents will not worry about their living when they become an independent worker in the society. Some people can say that they are still students so they have to concentrate on their study for the future job and life. However, if they can plan their schedule appropriately to gain both money and knowledge, they will be successful not only on their money but also on their job. In real, most of the college students are doing two those things nowadays. If those who are not experienced enough to work for money in their college life, they will feel difficult easily when they are alone in the society.
It is during your college years where you can explore and experience things in life, and I think part-time jobs are one of them. Once you graduate college, you won't have time and given the opportunity even if you want to. College years are perfect time for you to try many hard jobs and get experience out of it. At the same time, while doing part-time jobs, you can gain knowledge of how to adjust to the society. One of the hardest struggle students experience after college is adjusting to the new environment, SOCIETY. Society is a total different world, and it is the reality. It is harsh and competitive. As a result, in order to be successful, it is necessary that you are prepared before throwing yourself out into the society. And one the best way to prepare is to gain knowledge and experience slowly through part-time jobs. Also, during college years, many students are broke. You spend a lot of time for various reasons. But it is depressing when you don't have money, and you have to rely on your parents, which can be a burden on them. Part-time jobs can solve this problem. Also, it is good that you start earn money for yourself and try to be economically independent. You can't always rely on your parents for money. At some point, you have to be able to support yourself. I think it is better to start early and help your parents out. For these reasons, I think college students should try part-time jobs at least once in their lifetime.
These days college students are busy doing both of study and part time job. Students have burden on a lot of assignments and expensive tuition fee. Especially, it is a big burden for both students and parents to make the tuition fee. Doing a part time job is important to college student for three main reasons: learn the society, make personal relations and be independent. First, students can experience how the society works. When they graduate, most of students get their own job. The part time job gives them a great chance to work with workers and know the atmosphere. Hence, students can know the society different from campus life. Second, students can make more personal connections among people by doing the part time job. They have a great chance to meet other college students who do the part time job. In addition, students can have a wide acquaintance with full-time workers. Finally, students can be independent. They get the salary and deposit it as part of tuition. Therefore students don't have to rely on their parents. Also, the salary can be used as pocket money. For these reasons, it is recommendable for students to have a part time job.
It depends on the situation. If a student wants to have more experiences before he or she steps into the job market, the student has better have a part time job related to the specific field. Nowadays many companies consider extra experiences outside university as valuable asset. Therefore, if one wants to get more opportunities in job market, it is highly recommended to have part time jobs before graduation. And also in case that a student has financial difficulties, the student has no choice but to have a part time job. Self supporting when attending university is difficult and can affect one's marks negatively. It does not mean that having part time jobs degrade one's over all university life. Rather, the difficult time that one spend to support oneself can be the preparing time for the future. However, if a student does not have to work for his tuition fee or for his living costs and he does not need to take part in some occupation for extra experiences, he does not have to have a part time job. Some students who major sports and art such as fine art, piano and other musical instrument might not need extra experiences, because they have to focus on improving their skills by themselves.
I believe it is important for college students to have a part-time job and I have three reasons for this. First reason is that college, especially in Korea, is where students start to learn to be independent. In my perspective one of the biggest problems for Korean students is that they are too much dependent on their parents. Of course, in Korea until high school students are expected to only focus on their studies so not many Korean students work and depend on their parents. However, this needs to change and being independent economically is a first big step which can be done through having a part-time job. Second reason is through part-time job students can earn hands-on social experience. College is a step right before starting social life and when students graduate college they start taking part in the real world with lots of responsibilities. This can be also experienced through part-time job. For example if a person works in a restaurant, there is a manager, waiter, cook and there is a hierarchy among the members and by working there a direct experience working under the social hierarchy system can be earned. Last is by having part-time job you can meet lots of people in different fields and might find out your specialties. There are millions and millions of people out in the working and by having part-time job in various areas students can meet these people and learn from them. Also, I believe changing part-time job once in a while is helpful because you can try and work in different fields and might find your future job. For these reasons, if part- time job is done in an extent where it doesn't affect the studies it is an important part of college life.
These days, it is natural to have a part-time job when teenagers become university students. Almost all of college students do a part-time job after class and even weekends. I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. They can learn several things in the course of having their own part-time job. First of all, students will be independent. When teenagers graduate high school and become adults, they need to be out of their parents' protection. They can have self-responsibility through doing a part-time job. Second, college students will realize the value of money. They feel how much it is hard to earn money. So, they will change their spending habits and try to save money. Third, having a part-time job gives college students various social experiences. While students do a part-time job, they get into the society. This will make them think about how hard to survive in a society, how society is operating, and how social network is connected and so on. Although they are still students, they feel what society is through this experience. According to these three reasons, including being independent, realizing the value of money, and getting social experiences, I think having a part-time job when students are in college is critical.
I strongly disagree with the statement that it is important for undergraduate student to have a part-time job. The main reason why having a part-time job is not significant for college students is that their main role as a undergraduate student is to study academically their own major or other fields. Firstly, if college students had a part-time job, they would have not sufficient time to learn their discipline. Time is very limited to everyone, especially to students, and, these days, time management is getting more important than the past due to the rapid changing society. Generally undergraduate students have to take some general courses, which require a lot of time to study. In addition, they have tons of assignments for each class. Time to do part-time jobs would make college students take out their valuable time to study. Secondly, a part-time job distracts students' life. For example, if their job was related to personal relationship (e. g. , food serving or marketing using phone), it would be highly possible to be somethings wrong. When this happened, college students would have a problem spiritually and get stressed out. For those reasons, all things considered, having a part-time job is not a good idea for undergraduate students.
It is necessary for college student to have part-time job. First, through the experience of part-time job, they can find their aptitude for their future career. Let's suppose there is a college student who is interested in running restaurant. If she works in a restaurant or a firm as a part-timer and has a chance to see the real business situation very closely, she can reflect it to her process of job decision more easily. Second, doing a part-time job can help college student developing social skills such as communication strategy, making good relationship with strangers, and teamwork. Although a student works for a trivial part comparing to the entire process in her part-time job, such as photocopying, cleaning, or typing, she should have a sense of responsibility and cannot help communicating with other people. Third, doing part-time job leads college students to be independent economically from their family. Considering the fact that they are adults and member of the society, they need to be independent from the parents care. In the light of this, as a first step for being a real adult, money-making is needed for the students. For this three reasons, it is very good chance for college students to have part-time job.
If you go to the convenience store or fast food restaurant, you can easily find university students working as a part-time job. I also have a lot of part-time experiences. Some think that college students should study hard on their major solely so that having part-time job is a waste. However, I believe that having part-time job is beneficial for college students by teaching two lessons to students: sociability and the importance of earning money. Firstly, working experience will give lessons how to interact with other people. You cannot develop the sociability through studying in front of the desk. For example, while I was working in the food restaurant, I could learn the difficulties and importance of encountering people. You would never know how to deal with lots of people and giving out great services according to the customer is really hard when you only stay in front of the desk. Secondly, you would realize the importance of earning money. You may find out that earning money is difficult. In my case, I mopped, cleaned the dishes, cashed money, and delivered the food for five hours a day and I paid only 5000 won (almost five dollars) per hour. It was really hard to earn money. It also gave me the motivations to study harder to get a good job, which can pay me a lot of money without this kind of physical effort. To sum up, I strongly think that having a part-time job as a college student is important because it is beneficial for students by giving two great lessons. They would learn how to deal with people in the pragmatic situations, and they can learn the importance of earning money by realizing the hardness of labor. Students, let's taste the hardness of labor to grow up!
I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, college students cannot have various experiences by having a part-time job. Some people think that having a part-time job gives me a good experience. Though not having a part-time job, college students can have a good experience. In addition to part-time job, there are many different activities. They can earn the time taking part in more various activities by not having a part-time job. Second, having a part-time jab deprives the time that college students can develop the personality and knowledge. College students should study a major and English. Spending the time that they study is more important than spending the time that they work part-time. By working part-time, they do not have the time enough to study a major and English. Third, college students should know that love and friendship is more important than money. But they could miss the fact by spending much time that they working part-time. For working part-time, they lose things more than earn them. Therefore, these reasons are why I disagree it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
In the Western countries, people who graduated from junior-high school are independent from their parents. However, compared to those countries, Korea looks different. It is unique situation for Korean. Whereas Western students have a part-time job when they are in schools, Korean students are forced to study rather than to have a part time job. When they become college students, some are still dependent to their parents. They might give excuses about it. However, It is important for college students to have a part time job for some reasons. First reason is that they have to know economic concept as adults. After graduating from a university, they will have their own job and earn money. In order to be economic, they should be ready for proper earning and spending habits. Moreover, they don't know spending money sparingly is so important until they make money. They should know having their jobs and making money is not easy, so they don't waste it. They can have responsibility on their jobs and money Another reason is that they have to be independent from their parents as adults. Their parents already sacrifice for their sons and daughter for about 20 years. As a daughter or son, they should try to reduce their parent's burden. Tuition for university is very expensive so by having a part time job, they can help their parents. For these reasons, college students should have part-time jobs. It will be helpful for their parents and themselves.
I think there are many important things for college students. Therefore, having a part-time job can be one of them, but it should not be the most important thing. The most important thing for college student is to study and examine their own field. The reason why they major in the subject is to study more in the subject they are interested in and to find a job that is related to their fields of study. If they need working experience, they can do internship during summer or winter breaks. Since most part-time jobs are serving in restaurants, or working in factories, they are not closely related to their fields of study even though it brings students good experience. Also, the reason for getting a part-time job is for earning some money. However, it is better to study hard and get a scholarship. Then, students can compensate the time of doing their part-time jobs. Students can have many experiences from other activities besides part-time job. For example, students travel around the country or abroad in order to broaden their perspectives. Or they can join some school clubs in order to learn and build up social relationship. Also, they can do volunteer work to help the poor or the physically-challenged. As I said above, there are many things to do for earning money or getting more experience except for part-time job. I did not mean that there is no need to do part-time job. I mean we can invest our time more reasonably doing many kinds of activities or focusing more on study depending on our purpose. Therefore, I believe that there are many more important things than doing part-time job.
While some people argue that studying is the only duty of college students, I believe having a part-time job is also very important for college students. They need to have a part-time job because it can give them money, experience, and some knowledge of how the economy works. To begin with, they can earn some money by themselves. On average, college students are over 20 years old, which means they are adults, so they have some duty to earn money by themselves in order not to be burdens to their parents anymore. Also, they can feel the importance of money, so they can have habits of saving money and using it wisely. Moreover, through part-time job, they can acquire not only money, but also social experiences. In particular, by doing part-time job, they can learn what good teamwork is. For example, when a college student work at a restaurant as a server, he come to realize some know-how for delivering food well from the cooks to customers, communicating with other servers, and giving accurate information to cashiers. Finally, the college students can learn how the economy works. Through part-time job, they can learn the relationship between employees and employers and they can understand how demand and supply affects the price of the products. Additionally, they can learn some knowledge about the industry he works for. To conclude, it is my belief that doing a part-time job is necessary for the college students because they can learn lessons like how to use money wisely, get social experience, and some knowledge.
As the society become more and more complicated, students seek to experience broad fields of society. Not only is this phenomenon, but also, students are very interested in becoming an independent member of social group. For these reasons, many college students want to get part time jobs in their young age. Nowadays, doing part-time jobs really do help college students in these ways. First, part-time job experience makes college students to be prepared for their future career. Nowadays students much concern about what they will do as a work in a future. Therefore, they have more tendencies to find a way to experience a work circumstances in advance. Part-time jobs allow peers to know whether the job is appropriate to the person since it provides similar work environment to students. Part-time job is a proper way of achieving searching for a right job for each of students. Secondly, part-time jobs help student to manage their economic state. Many college students work and earn some moneys which are essential to their house rent, food fee, and even college tuition. After one student graduated from a high school, they mostly get independence from his or her parents and the parents don't usually support them economically. Since students have to go to school in the daytime, they in most cases work by using night time or weekends. If students cannot do part-time job, many student will be burdened by unbalanced budgets. For these reasons, college students working is needed, and it has some advantages that college students do work as a part-time. They can be more skillful before they really get a job, and they also can be more flexible when they make their monthly budget. As a nut shell, part-time job is good and important for college students.
As a college student, I have a part-time job of teaching kid. Part-time job is one of the biggest parts of my college life. Like I do, most of college students are working for part-time job and it become important part of college life. Students can get some benefits from part-time job. First, student can experience different form of society through part-time job. Before they experience part-time job, they only experienced society of school, family and friends which is very limited form of real society. If they have chance to expand their experience of many kinds of different society of relationship, such as boss and clerk in workplace and clerk and customer in the market, they can easily adapted to society when they graduate the college. Part-time job is one of the good chances to learn. Second, student can earn money from part-time job. As a college student, they have to make money for both school and pocket money themselves. They can learn how difficult to earn money and how important to spend money properly. If they never learn these before get the job, they will suffer from mistakes of misusage of money. Earning money from part-time job and use money will be good opportunity to learn economical sense. Some people can say that part-time job is wasting of time and it will make student cannot concentrate to school work. However, benefit which student can get from part-time job is important as much as school work for future.
I don't think that having a part time job is important for college students. It would be good to live economically independent from their parents. However, as a status of a student, there are a lot of things, especially related to studies, for students to do. For some students, it is hard to live by the money from parents give, they manage to earn money by doing a part time job. It is understandable, and for me, I also do a part time job, but I sometimes find it hard to manage both studying and working at the same time. I cannot fully concentrate on my studies because of my part time schedules. The best way is to get a scholarship with good grades. Then, it could help my tuition fee, but I still need enough money to live on my every day life. There's saying, For the young, it is grateful to have a hardship. In the early 20s struggles may help us grow up and be mature relatively. However, there are so many struggles not only in 20s but also for one's whole life, so the old adage doesn't apply to these days anymore. By doing a part time job, one may learn how to make a harmony with others in workplaces, and find what kind of jobs one prefers. Let's look into what kinds of part time jobs college students these days work for. Few of them have part time jobs which they eager to do, considering their future career, as I believe. Most of them work as private tutors, probably it is the fortunate case, cashiers, servers A part time job doesn't mean anything but the quick way of making handy money. Therefore, I don't think it is not that valuable for students to have a part time job.
In my view, having some part-time job is really important for college students. I think it is helpful to students by these two reasons. Firstly, working part-time can be an important experience to enhance students' social skills. No matter what sort of work is required to part-timers, it is critical to interact with other people; like supervisors, or other colleagues. The experience of working like this way is very precious because college students will have their real job sometime. Secondly, I think college student should learn about the way of controlling their budget. The life as a college student contains a lot of money. Because most of them are no more children, they have to be the master of themselves. I think they can be more independent with their own earnings, not only relying on their families. I have been participating in some work in school since I entered this university. Of course, I could learn about small works of school and could gain a lot of money. When vacation, I often get some part time jobs in restaurants, internet cafes, etc. there was no job which was not helpful to me. To conclude, I think it is certain that working part-time is really helpful to college students.
It is not as much important for college students to have a part-time job as students and adults think these days. Basically, college students entered college to study more deeply what they were interested in. So, they should be more concerned with study, not a part-time job. Of course, it is important to have various experiences when young. However, volunteering or internship can give enough experiences to students. I think it will be more valuable experience when they don't earn money. They should not be interrupted study by money problems. Society need to help student to be given scholarship or study without concern about money problems. Also, it should give students various opportunities, such as volunteering, internship or counseling for what they want to be or where they want to work in. Furthermore, college students' having part-time jobs can make problems about justifying irregular workers. Many students don't get enough money from their working place because society think college students are not adults yet, like adolescents. I don't want to say that students should not have a part-time job. In conclusion, society has to give student more opportunities and boundaries, and it is desirable that students concentrate on study first, not a part-time job.
I think it is not that important for college students to have a part-time job. If a student has to earn money for himself, it is okay to have a part-time job. For example, if a student has to earn his tuition fee because his parents cannot afford it, then having a part-time job is inevitable. However, unless students have any reason to have a part-time job, I don't suggest or recommend them to work. In the first place, the most important task for college students is studying. If a student has a part-time job, he will spend his time working, which means he will lose his time to study. Having a part-time job is waste of time for students. Some people might say that having a part-time job gives students valuable experience that cannot be got from studying. It is not true, though. If students have a part-time job, they might lose more valuable opportunities that are helpful for them. If they don't spend their time on a part-time job, they can attend internships or social activities. It is better for college students to spend their time improving their capabilities by studying or attending other activities than having a part-time job.
College students are at the stage of being an adult. Being an adult means being independent in terms of mentally, physically, and economically. Therefore they need to practice to make money step by step. And having a part-time job is a good way to practice it. College students need to earn money because they start to independent from their original family. After graduate high school, usually they are treated as an adult, and it pushes college students to have opportunity to have a job. However, because they have to study at college, I think a part-time job is better than full-time job. Although the money is smaller than full time job, they can experience work field. Further, they can learn work ethics from their work. Second, experiencing real work field let them know themselves. For example, they can find their aptitude from the work experiences. And it is possible to lie down a specific job when it does not match with one's aptitude. In my case, I could realize my aptitude from internship on my summer vacation. Third, while working in the real field, students can learn what to study more to get a real job. Students are the people who have the opportunity to learn more. Though the ability student has now is not perfect, he/she has the chance and time to make up. And I think a part time job provides the chance.
Nowadays, even though many college students still get funding from their parents, it is necessary for them to have a part-time job. Not only a part-time job gives college students an opportunity to experience the society but also students get to know the value of the money. First, college students can experience their future society through a part-time job. Usually, a college is the last step to jump into the society; it is where college students have to prepare for the competitive society. However, if students do not get to prepare or be ready to face the real society when they were still in college, it would be a problem in the future. To prevent having that kind of problems in the future, they have to experience the society doing a part-time job. By doing that, they will experience the hierarchy of the society and how to deal with the unexpected situation in the society. Second, a part-time job lets students know the true value of money. When students get all the money from their parents, they will not realize the value of the money. The money given to them is not just free award but it costs a lot to have that money. If they do not work and experience, they will not realize how hard to earn money and how hard their parents work to feed them. A part-time job would be the best way to have lessons about the money. As a result, it is not good to overlook the value of a part-time job since it gives a chance to experience the outer society and it helps students realize the value of money.
I agree that having part-time job is very important for college students. Firstly, part time job can provide financial independence to students. As the tuition and other burden are quite high, sometimes, parents of students cannot afford to support everything, which can be a big problem to students who have to study. Part-time job can provide additional money to the students, helping them concentrate on their own studies. Secondly, having part-time can be another education method for college students to learn about real life and economy. College students can be insensitive to the society where they would live on, while they study theories and schools in colleges, where are far from the real life. In that case, part-time job experiences can give a real situation to students. Students can apply what they have learned during the part-time job experiences, and acquire some meaningful lessons which cannot be taught in the class room. For example, the students in the college of education can learn some realistic teaching techniques when they are privately tutoring students. Thirdly, part-time job of college students can be beneficial for society, too. While many employers want cheap and well-educated workers, the real situation is far from their hope. Usually, many educated workers are too expensive to employ, while cheap workers are sometimes illiterate or under-educated. In that situation, college students can be the mediation of two conditions and they can serve as good alternatives. Actually, there are so many companies and government departments which employ college students as part-time-internship-workers because they are cheaper than formal employees, and they can be easily educated than cheaper workers. As a result, having part-time jobs of college students is very beneficial and educational activities both for society, colleges, and the students themselves.
As far as college student's having a part time job, I will suggest 3 supports on the below. First of all, students are born to study other than having part-time job with spending a lot of time. Nowadays, most of part-time job owners force student to spend a lot of time by making the contract filled out when they get a job. However, once the contract is submitted to the employers, it is extremely hard to reject their offer even if they have a lot of homework that should be dealt with on a day and night. Therefore, it would be better not to start to avoid such traps. Secondly, instead of trying to get money by having part time job, they can take alternatives. When we take a closer look to colleges, there are a lot of scholarships designed to students. Thus, for college students, it is reasonable to take a way to get a scholarship by studying hard instead of killing a lot of time. Finally, it can do other meaningful activities in college rather than having a part- time job. The experience students can get by part-time job is not important as students can go through this experience when they get a real job after graduation; however, the experience regarding meaningful activities never will not be back once this period is over. Considering that it is not easy to take 2 rabbits at a time because of the time limit, we can conclude that students should experience more meaningful experience that needs less time.
I believe that college students should have a part-time job. First of all, they need time to experience the society and the work. If they become stuck in the college, not knowing what's really happening and changing in the real open world, it will not be great loss of time for their future. Rather than that, they should go outside and see the world and find the true meaning and purpose of their life again. Of course, it's only a part-time job, so that it cannot provide students with everything, but still, it will surely provide students with something helpful. Secondly, they don't really spend his whole 24 hours for studying. Undergraduate students, not like graduate students, don't need lots of time for studying, so that in the spare time, they usually go out and waste their time away. This must be stopped. If they can change their habit of using time thoughtlessly, organizing their time effectively unlike these days, they will have more fruitful college life. Thirdly, most of the college students grow up in the good family background, they have no experience of working themselves. They need to learn how it is not easy to make money and learn to thank their parents who have been fostering them until now.
Nowadays, more and more students have a part time job because of a variety of reasons. Some students work in order to pay his tuition, while some students spend their time in order to make living on his own, and I strongly agree with the statement that college students have to have a part-time job because of the following two reasons. First of all, by having a part time job, you can have more freedom to control your life. Being economically independent is one of the most important things that should be done prior to depart from one's parents when he/she goes to university. Plus, by having a part time job, students can earn money, which finally helps them to achieve what they have planned. For example, I have seen many friends of mine who traveled around the world with the money they earned during their semester. Secondly, by working at a part time job, students are able to experience the real world or real society earlier than the students who do not. In many cases, part time jobs include a food-serving, a company's assistant, or a cashier at a store. During their working time, they are supposed to face a lot of real-life situations, by handling or solving that problem, they can grow up as real adults. This kind of precious experience cannot be bought through any other method or money. In conclusion, having a part time job is really important and crucial for college students because it is very helpful for students' whole life. We should remember that there is something that is more than just money, but something that can only be acquired through our variety of experiences in college life. Go get a job immediately!
"The students' duty is to focus on their studies," say most of the Koreans. This is why many Korean parents assume the responsibility to fully take care of their children in terms of finance. Indeed, many Korean university students rely on their parents for tuition, and they rarely find their own place. However, I believe university students should at least have a part-time job in order for them to have a pre-experience of the society and learn to effectively manage their finance. First, having a part-time job would provide students with an opportunity to become familiar to the real world prior to the occupations they would be devoted to in the future. For instance, they would actually do a job interview, negotiate their salary, cooperate with colleagues and witness how a business runs. These are experiences one cannot get in the classroom. Furthermore, the real world does not always operate as the textbook model, but involves countless unpredictable variables. By encountering various types of people and situations, students would be able to develop an ability to quickly adjust their decisions to cope with those matters. Second, through the experience of earning money for themselves, students would learn responsibility for their own expenditure and thereby develop a better sense of finance. Specifically, they learn the consequences of spending thoughtlessly when they are eventually forced to cut down on their budget to the extreme. They learn to be industrious when they save up for months to purchase an expensive product. In some cases, students even make successful investments and bring about a multifold increase of their asset. To sum up, having a part-time job injects into students a healthy idea of economy and helps them become a reasonable consumer. In conclusion, it is important for university students to have a part-time job because it provides a simplified version of working experience and financial management. A student needs to be as much worldly-wise as academically brilliant in order to successfully adapt to society.
I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First of all, it gives people to experience something special, which is different from the studying in a college. If a college student works part-time job, he/she might be able to experience the outer society earlier than other students who don't work part-time job. For example, they have to learn patient to the boss or complaining customers. In addition, the students who have a part-time job can understand the value of money. The part-time job might teach the students that money is not come free. It teaches that if they wanted to earn money, they have to pay the time and their efforts, and then after they realize the value of money, they are relatively saving money than those who don't understand that. Finally, doing part-time job makes the college students independent from their parents. Just aging doesn't mean a person to become an adult. If the students want to be respected as an adult, they have to be independent from their parents. Being independent means they can take care of themselves. In our society, taking care of someone needs money, so the first step for independent is financially independence. Therefore in my opinion, having a part-time job is important for college students.
A part time job serves as a good chance for students to learn how to socialize with other people. As a matter of fact, throughout their education from elementary school to college, students tend to learn knowledge rather than how to cope with others in the society. Although they become friends with peers, that is probably possible thanks to the environment that makes them face each other for a long time. In addition, students are likely to be of similar age, socio-economic background, or interest. In contrast, in the professional world that we enter after college, we are bound to encounter people from different backgrounds and cope with people who are higher in status according to the hierarchical system. For this reason, we are apt to face difficulties getting along with colleagues or bosses. Viewed in this light, if college students do part time jobs, they can experience in advance how the real society functions and how to treat coworkers. For example, working with colleagues, they can learn a sense of cooperation and responsibility, and communicating with bosses, they can learn ways to show respect, using appropriate register. Therefore, it is necessary that college students have a part time job, as that experience teaches them social skills which is necessary for their future career.
I agree the argument that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. College students should share their parents' burden because the tuition is too high by doing part time job. They can be motivated to save money after difficult experience for earning money. Lastly, they can learn many useful things. Here are some reasons for this statement. First of all, in Korea, due to the high rate of tuition students have to share their parents' burdensome by doing a part time job. Korea is one of the countries which have most expensive tuition. To cut family's economic problem, students can try to earn their allowance from payment of part time job. Second, most college students do not know how hard earning money is because they are familiar with getting money from their parents. Through new experience of part time job, they can recognize thanks for parents. Lastly, from part time job, students can learn a lot of useful information. For example, they can learn the way of patience when they feel angry and the importance of keeping kind and polite attitude in social relationship. For those reasons, I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. In Korean situation, they should share economic burden and they can learn many useful things from doing part time job.
For some people, the word'part-time' makes them feel it'not consistent'. Therefore, they think doing part-time job does not have many advantages and people do not have to do it if they are not desperate. However, I believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. For me, my part-time jobs gave me great opportunities to experience extraordinary things that I could not think of if I did not do any part-time jobs. Let me take you some examples. First, I had a part-time job that is for student who cannot hear well. I took a course with him and I typed after the professor's voice. He understood the lecture looking at the monitor that showed what the professor said. Through this experience, I could break my prejudice on the handicapped. Also, it was very meaningful for me because I had a new friend! This example shows that part-time job provides opportunities for making friends with various people. And now, I am doing a part-time job as a librarian. This work requires responsibility and social skills. Often, imagining the situation that I do something impolite and make teachers and students upset, I feel nervous. But I think this experience is beneficial for me. After graduating the college, students should work with lots of seniors. We can face such situations through the part-time job before we move on to the'real society'. Furthermore, we are able to build capacity related to independence, both financially and affectively.
Recently, the students who combine studying and working are increasing. I think this case is going bad. First of all, student's part-time job prevent them to concentrate on their study. Of course I understand, getting a part-time job is not only reason to disturb study but, it is one of obstacles for study witout no doubt. To illustrate my poin of view, When I was in college, I have some friends who had a part-time job after school. They almost worked 4-5 hours a day and easily get exhausted. As a result, they didn't get enough time to study or to do homework and even they had to choose sleep during class-time to supplment lack of sleep. As I mentioned above, teenage students's part-time job has negative effect on their acdemic achievement. In addition, college students can esaily be extorted by employers because they are too young to know a lot about the world yet. I am aware that there are many kind employers but still some adult let young people overwork. They only provide minimum wage for students that sometimes even low than regulation. And instead, they ask students work hard watching closely whether they get lazy or not. Taking all those things into accounts, college students should not have a part-time jobs that hinder them to achieve academic goal and squeezed by bad employers. There is old saying in Korea, "The most beautiful person is who is engaged in what they should be. " I do not have the slightest objection to this word and it is about time that students should realize what really important in their school days.
I do not agree with the statement that college students should have a part-time job. First of all, the college is the last moment in their lives where the students can enjoy their identity of being a student. It is unnecessary to experience what they will experience after the graduation so early. There are a lot of things that college students can do, the things that only students can do, such as going to an exchange program, participating in a club or acting and so much more. There is not enough time for all these, therefore it is not recommended to college students to have a part-time job. Secondly, their primary role is students, which means all their attention and focus should be paid toward studying. In order to fulfill their role as students and pay the full attention to studying, working a part-time job is not recommendable. If students need money for their tuition fees, it is much worthy to study hard and get a scholarship, which can be a plus to their future careers. Working a part-time job exhausts them and takes their time for studying. Therefore, it is not recommendable to college students to have a part-time job.
Many Korean college students get part-time jobs as soon as they graduate from their highschools. For example, they can tutor students or work at fast food restaurants. However, there are some parents who forbid their children from applying for these jobs. It is very controversial whether or not part-time jobs are necessary to college students. I think that these jobs are benefecial to them in terms of two reasons. First and Foremost, we should differentiate university students from elemenatry, junior high, and high school students. As a matter of fact, they are grown-ups, who are responsible for managing their own lives. Although getting good GPA is important, being able to take care of their budget should also be reagarded as an important task. If a grown-up still recieves pocket money from his parents, what is different between young children and grown-ups? A person like this should feel embarrassed. Secondly, students can earn various experiences by working in various fields. For example, books do not tell them how to make delicious hamburgers or how to serve customers. On the other hand, a person who works at a restaruant can learn these practical skills and useful knowledge. Through these unique experiences, people can find out in which they are interested to work in the near futurel. I do not think that working as a part-time worker is a waste of time for college students. Instead, it teaches responsibility and provides an invaluble message to them. Therefore, I agree that it is imporant for college students to have part-time jobs.
After graduating from high school, many university students are confused if they are going to get a part time job. Some people might insist that college students should only focus on their academic works. However, I strongly suggest that part-time job is helping university students who should be prepared for work after graduating learn the value of money and have practical experiences. First of all, college students learn how to manage their money by having part-time jobs. After they graduate from college, they should manage their money by themselves and keep the economy of their households. University students learn how hard it is to earn money through their part-time works and try to save their money and become more independent. Therefore, it is important to get a part-time job and learn the value of money. For example, I work as a tutor in Korea and get paid. Before I get this part-time job, I was irresponsible for the money and usually spend too much on my clothing and dining as I did not know how hard it is to make money. After I work as a tutor, I do not rely on my parents for my living. Even though I have less money than I get money from my parents, I even save my money on account. In addition, part-time jobs give practical experiences for college students. Based on students' interests and majors, students can experiences their future career through part-time jobs. When we consider that university is a learning place to be prepared for their future jobs, not only studying in front of desks but also having lots of valuable and practical experiences in jobs is important for students.
I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Needless to say, there are some benefits for college students to have a part-time job. First of all, they can earn some money to use. Nowadays, being a college student means spending lots of money to buy clothes, books, and other things but his or her allowance is sometimes not enough to meet the needs. Moreover, some students should pay for their own tuition because the tuition is too expensive for their parents to pay. It will be very helpful to have a part-time job as a student for them. Secondly, they can build up their mind for the future. If they want to get a job in future, they can apply for a part-time job related to the field and they will face the reality of the field, not a fantasy. Also, one can be interested in a job after having a part-time job even if he or she didn't heard of a thing about the job. The last and the most important reasons for having a part-time job is that one can experience lots of things which can happen in a society. As a student in a college, he or she probably doesn't know what the society or workplace really is and one can learn this by having a part-time job. For example, he or she can learn how hard one should work to earn money and what ability is required to be successful. These kinds of knowledge cannot be taught in a college efficiently and effectively.
I think it's not important for college students to have a part-time job. College students can experience new works by a part-time job but I don't think it is important. Before going to the college, students usually don't have a part-time job so college students can experience new things by having a part-time job. However the main role of students is studying so a part-time job is less important and the main purpose of a part-time job is not new experiences but earning money. Therefore, students find a part-time job based on the money and it has little meaning to experience. For example, the most favored part-time job by college students is tutoring and it is not really helpful to college students except students who are learning the subjects related to the subject of tutoring. However, many college students have tutoring as their part-time job. It is just for money not for other things. If a part-time job is used for experiencing something special, it can be important and helpful, but in fact many students don't think about it. Then, I think a part-time job can interfere students' own college learning. I think studying is more important than a part-time job except the case which a part-time job is helpful to students' own studying.
These days, there are a lot of college students who spend their time with a part-time job. Of course, some people are worrying about them for they do not have enough time to concentrate on their studying. However, I agree with the importance of college students having a part-time job. There are two reasons for this argument: significance of getting work experience and realizing importance of money. First of all, students can get involved in social experience through their part-time job. This experience is very important since they can learn how to cooperate with others and how to deal with diverse situations. For example, when I worked for a sandwich store, there were six coworkers with me and we always had to get along with each other to achieve our goal. Of course, we had some difficult time sometimes since our opinions always had differences. However, we went through all of the problems together and after six months, I felt like I made a great social network as well as work skills. Second, part-time job has positive aspect in that students can realize how important earning and spending money appropriately. Since many students have been supported by their parents for a long time, they cannot plan their spending well and it causes a lot of problems such as overspending. Therefore, earning money would be a great chance to understand how to manage their own money. In fact, one of the surveys said that over than fifty percent of parents answered that their children changed in spending money after their part-time job experience. To conclude, it is very important for college students to get involved in part-time job to get social experience and get to know how to manage their own money.
Getting a part time job can be helpful for getting a better sight for one's life. Especially in college, getting a part time job such as working in a convenient store, serving people in a restaurant and assisting an expert may help students to understand how to make plans about their economic lives. They could realize the importance of money when they earn their money by themselves. Moreover, by getting part time job, they could know the way to solve the problem that they meet. They would meet many kinds of happenings during working. During this time, they should solve the problem they face. It could be the people who complain about their services, the student who won't follow their instruction, the babies cry all day long. None of the people around them would come to them for help. The thing they need to get better situation is to explain people about their problems. In other way, they could find ways in the books and on the Internet. By these ways they could create their own know-how for their social lives. In addition, they could have the chance to be the person that they never dream. For example, imagine that you can be a sculpture. There's a part time job which finds a person who could not move for an hour. During this time one should dress-up and sit down on the chair without any move. The person should be the sculpture. Like this, part timer could have interesting memories about their jobs sometimes. For these three reasons, I think it would be great for one's life to have a part time job. For college students, it may be the not only beneficial but also essential lessons for their life time.
I agree with this statement, it's essential that college students have a part-time job. I have two reasons why I support that statement. First, College student learn that money is important and hard to make from experiencing their part-time jobs. Before going to college, in Korean situation, many students might have never earned money. Most of them may not have certain concept about money. Making money by themselves lets them think about what money is and how they spend the money economically. It helps them to build the concept of economics and to learn how important money is. Second, Part-time job is important in that it give the students chances of experiencing society in advance. Before becoming a member of society, they can learn what society is like and how they handle some problems from their part-time jobs. In my case, I had been serving at a restaurant for 6months. From the experience, I've learned that I should behave and talk nicely to my boss although I don't feel like doing it. Also there wasn't an excuse for my mistake even if it's not all my fault. Having a part-time job is very helpful to college student in that that experience makes them shape their economic standard and concept. It helps also them experience society before being a member of a society.
Nowadays, many students in universities do part-time jobs. Most popular and common part-time job for students is tutoring. However, other students have part-time jobs like serving in a restaurant, delivering foods, and papers, and working in a construction place. There are lots of part–time jobs students have. Students do these jobs during not only vocations but, the semester. This is because the part-time jobs are important for students as their studying. First, students earn money by having part-time jobs. Some students receive money from their parents per month. Some other students earn all money they spend in a month. For them, part-time jobs are very important to earn money for their daily lives. Also, many students spend money on their leisure time, their hobby, and their extra study. Second, students have social experience by having part-time jobs. Before entering university, almost all students don't experience really society, which is getting pay, working for others. For example, if students work in a restaurant, they learn how one organization runs, and they make more acquaintances. Lastly, students have achievement by having part-time jobs. For example, when a person has a tutoring job, and the student's grade is improved and the student becomes to feel happy to study, the person may have achievement by the job. For these reasons, it is important for students to have part-time jobs.
Nowadays, many college students have their part-time jobs. They have their own purposes for working, such as making the pocket money or paying for their tuition. There are also many students who don't work because of their studying. However, I think it's important for college students to have a part-time job. First, being a college student suggests that one became an adult. An adult has to make his or her own income and pay for the usage. Although many students think that they should concentrate on studying, they are just laying their responsibilities on their parents. If one doesn't have a part-time job, he or she has to get the income from the parents. Even if it's difficult to manage the whole outcome by having a part-time job, a student has to try to earn the pocket money at least. Getting a part-time job also enables a student to spend the life more comfortably. If one wants to have something for his or her pleasure, he or she will get it more easily by earning their own money. One doesn't have to request to someone else. In college lives, a student may have appointments with other students, or may have the unpredictable payment like giving presents or buying other books. Having a part-time job makes one deal with the extra outcome, except the one necessary for a life, more comfortably. Some students may think extra things except studying make their studying harder. However, a college student doesn't spend time only studying. That's why many college students try to get their own part-time jobs. Think of the other side of a life, and one will afford various parts of the life.
I extremely agree that students should have a part-time job. I think part-time job is super necessary for college students. In Korea, the money which is paid to register for college is too expensive. Our parents have some burden because of that, and they have to do some work for their children to enter the college not for them. It means our parents sacrifice something for us. It is acceptable when we are middle or high school students. But now, we can have a part-time job, that is, we are able to earn some money. We can't afford to pay total register fee, however, we can help our parent to give some money. Or we should pay cost of meals, buy some clothing, etc. In Korea, students have some tendency to be helped by their parents. However, we are all adult who can decide their own lives. Therefore, we should have some part-time jobs and make our own life by ourselves. It doesn't mean that we just earn some money. We should not only do things like that but also study our major thoroughly. If we make an effort to use times efficiently, we could be killing two birds (both money and grade) with one stone.
I believe that to have a part-time job is important to college students for two reasons. First of all, a part-time job can enable college students to become an adult for some aspects including a financial thing. So far, most Korean students are totally supported by their parents for every thing including pocket money. As we become a college student, however, we need to earn money by doing a part-time job for pocket money at least. Because, to be a college student would mean an adult, students need to be independent and responsible for themselves. In addition, if they earn money, they would develop their thoughts and one of them would be an importance of money. This would prevent many students from wasting their money and make them use money relatively wisely. That is, a part-time job would be a process of an awareness for the value of labor and money and therefore, make college students sound adults. Second, a part-time job can broaden a prospect in experiences of college students. As most people know, there are many jobs including a part-time job. To be specific, students could work at a cafeteria or a shop. Through a part-time job, students could get valuable experiences as well as money from it. Moreover, if a part time job is related to what they major in college, they could advantage and exhibit their merits. With regard to experience, students could meet various people and make a personal exchange. Unlike school days in past, the range students face through a part-time job would be vast. This would be precious and could be helpful for a job or a life later. Therefore, a part-time job would be a meaningful social experience for college students.
It is important for college students to have a part-time job for many reasons. First of all, they need to start their own economy life and having a part-time job is the best way for them to learn the real economy. They can experience the toughness of earning money and learn the value of money. In addition, they can exercise how to plan for using money constructively. Secondly, having a part-time job can teach them to be independent. Until graduating high school, most of the students depend on their parents, especially at economical points. However, they are now all grown-ups and they need to prepare for their own life. Therefore, it will be a beneficiary experience for them. Lastly, being a employee will teach them about the responsibility. Having a job means a contract between a employer and oneself, so it'll give them a duty to do their work properly. Some people would against this idea, because there is possibility of neglecting one's schoolwork. However, I've said above, having a part-time job will promote one's responsibility and independency; therefore, it will also give a good effect on the studying. In addition, they can learn how to plan their limited time properly. Because of heavy schedule, they won't waste their time. Moreover, spending lots of time in front of the desk doesn't equal to having a good grade. They can learn more precious values through this experience and they will grow to be fit people for the society.
Some people say that having a part-time job is a waste of time for college students. They argue that a part-time job can make college students waste time to study, and it also includes a lot of dangerous aspects. However, I disagree with this idea because not only does a part-time job give college students some money which is needed to study and to buy what they want, but also it provides them with the experiences of living independently from their parents. Above all, a part-time job provides college students with some money for living. College students need a substantial number of money because the tuition fees of colleges are increasing over and over, and the prices of textbooks used in colleges are also expensive nowadays. Unlike the argument that having a part-time job is not helpful to study at all, spending a little time on part-time jobs can provide money which is necessary for college students to study. Since college students are already adults, they should be able to make money for living, independently from their parents. If they do not try to get part-time jobs, they cannot but keep depending financially on their parents. What is worse is that there is a possibility that this attitude can last for their entire life. To sum up, considering that college students are already adults who should be able to live independently from their parents, it is good for them to have part-time jobs which can provide them with both money and precious experiences for their entire life. There is no doubt in that college students can have more responsible attitudes for their own life by having experiences of working for money by themselves.
I think that it is not necessary. Of course, it is good to learn about the society and work life before one graduate his or her college and go into the society. Students who have been in only schools can learn practical things about the society. They can meet various people, doing part time job, and it is also very helpful. Those kinds of experiences are very valuable. However, I think that if a student has no need to earn his or her pocket money or money for a living, it will be fine that he or she has no part time job. Without part time job, students can concentrate on their study which is most essential for them. They can meet various people and have various experiences through a variety of programs for college students or twenties. Maybe participating in such programs is more beneficial than doing part time job. For example, let us say a student participate in a group program which for practicing and experiencing marketing supported by an actual big company. The student will meet various people who have different background from his or her as a group and work with them. Also he or she will do meetings and researches and making marketing strategies, and so on with other group members like actual workers do. They can be guided by actual worker of the company. Through this, they can get actual knowledge, experience, and advise which is very valuable and not easy to get. In fact I have part time jobs, but I hope that I can take part in many programs instead of part time job. Because of part time jobs, I cannot participate in those kinds of programs well.
I totally agree with the statement It is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons to support my argument. First of all, college students can receive valuable life experience from having a part-time job. If they do not work and just study inside their schools, they will only have academic knowledge lacking any practical knowledge which can be useful when they take parts in the society after they graduate. However, if they gain experience as a part-time worker, they will be able to meet various people and learn many things which can be only attained from real-world experience. I personally have experiences working at a hotel and a café. I really enjoyed working there even though it was hard, and I learned a lot from those experiences. Next, college students who have a part-time job can get money as well as valuable experience. With that money, they can help their parents financially because there needs to be a lot of money for their tuitions and allowances. Also, they will be able to learn the value of the money since they will eventually find out that it is really hard to make money. Moreover, they will learn how to save money efficiently. Because of these two reasons, I recommend having a part-time job to every college student.
I am opposite side of getting part time job in the College life. I think periods of college are not appropriate to do part-time jobs, especially if those jobs are included in the simeple labor. There are many kinds of part-time jobs all around us. The money we can get from those also are of variety. For instance, there are tutors and staff in the restaurnat or store. Compared to other part time jobs, being tutor is very helpful to make money much more well. On the other hand, We can get little money by serving in the restaurant and being in the counter in the store, Those things are very simple so I think it cannot give a meaningful experience. I doubt if it is worth investing our time in doing them. At that time of doing those things, we can do much more productive things. Were it not for the situation of having a hard time to make a living, I strongly maintain that we should do much more creative and desirable things instead of simple labor. . Before the graduation of college, it is important to broaden our experience and diversify our way of thinking. Earning money is not our priority. We have to deeply explore the academic world and do a volunteering or community work. We have to discover our hidden potential or dream I really want to do. Depending on them, We can make our specific porfolio to develop our potential and come true our cherished dream.
First, college students have to earn some money to pay for the college's tuition. But the tuition is very high. Tuition of National universities and colleges is except situation. But the other colleges' is so high that students can't be enough to pay it. For example, a semester's tuition of famous Universities in Seoul is about 4~5 million won. Second, College students need to various experiences about many jobs before getting some full-time jobs. Getting a job is important. But after that, doing something in a company is more important. For that, we have many skills. Students never have skills one day, only through doing again and again. If we experience various part-time jobs, we have more skills. So it is good for getting a job. Internship courses of many companies seem to be a good part-time job. During the courses, Students keep their position. In this situation they take some projects and earn some money in the companies. At the end of the courses, executives of the companies decide to take some students for their spare worker. In Korea, POSCO has the course. Third, when students have a part-time job and work it, they are able to think about concept of money and consumption. Through part-time job, they earn their own money and learn and think about concept of money And then, they can plan and consume something with the money. That course is meaningful for students.
Now, it becomes impossible to imagine college students whose lives would be restricted to only school work. Many students have to take a part time job in order to simply continue their studies. Although all students have different reasons of having extra work after school the two can be considered the most common. First of all, the tuition that students have to pay per semester is becoming extremely high not considering many other expenses students have deal with in their everyday life. Most of them usually make ends meet trying to simply survive. Another most widely known reason of having a part job lies in students' desire and need to expand their knowledge in the field of their studies. That's why many of them are working as interns in order to gain an appropriate experience that would be necessary in their future profession. In doing so, students, who cannot be considered novices, try to realize their theoretical knowledge that they have learnt at school through practical things. After all, it can be said that taking part time job students are able to kill two birds with one stone, first, to earn money to satisfy their living expenses, and, second, broaden knowledge in the field of their studies that make it part time job is one of the prerequisites of successful school life.
Is a part time job important for college student? I think it is important for college student to get a part time job. When we come out to the world, there are a lot of things we couldn't experience before. Part time job can give us the opportunity to do new things. Of coursely it is important to study his or her major subjects because it is directly linked to their future job. But usually the thing we can learn in school is restricted to the only knowledge. Sometimes, by working in part time, we can newly interested in some things; teaching students, making coffee, and serving or checking in restaurant. I think all these experiences are linked to someone's future life and it will help them someday. Also, part time job enhances responsibility. Society is different from school life because the work is linked to money and relationship between people. We can learn the importance of promise between people and the way to keep good relationship with others. In these kinds of view, I think part time job is helpful for college students.
I think that a part time job is important for college students. Maybe a college students who doing part time job is very busy, so he or she is not enough time to study and get a not good grade. But doing a part time job is have lots of good thing. The part time job is give a chance to experience. The experience at the part time job is helpful to know one's aptitude. And later when he of she is choose his or hers profession, that is very helpful. We don't know about career well. We just learn theory of major. So we know the theory but don't know how to use the theory in job. A part time job is able to desolve that problem. You can use your theory in work. And a part time job is increase the independence. The biggest reason of doing a part time job is the make money. If you make money to part time job, you can financially independene of your parent. Maybe the pay is very little. But you feel very proud of you because you make money by yourself. So I think a part time job is very important for college students.
I think a part-time job can be needed but is not important for college students. Of course, it is a way to earn their own pocket money for college students. Also students can experience a lot of social activities previously and know many people through a part-time job. However, the most important thing to college students is study. Unlike high school, college students have to study their major further and spend more time for studying. According to college life, their job and future life is determined. But a part-time job takes much time and stamina. So a part-time job is bad thing for hard study. For example, my high school friend who did a part-time job had little time to do homework. Sometimes she slept in class because she waked up all night for doing homework. Her grade was not good in the middle term examination. Also students can earn their registration fee by scholarship. Recently, most universities have many good scholarship systems in school or out of school. So they can get lots of chances to make money by scholarship in many ways. Although a part-time job give some money, studying hard has much more advantages. Therefore I disagree that a part-time job is important for college students.
﻿There are many smokers in the world so non-smoker is damaged by them. Even in the public building they smoke honorably. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for three reasons. The first, we can help the poor kids. Many countries have increased cigarette taxes and also increased price so there are many people who cannot eat. We can help by stop buying cigarettes. In Korea, cigarette price is 2, 700won. By this money, we can give water, rice, bread and new life to the poor kids. That is, spending more valuable things can help someone. Second, secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. The smokers already knew that however they do not care the others' health even in the family. For example about 600, 000 People are died by secondhand smoking every year. Especially the fetus are more damaged and harmed directly by smokers. As the result, secondhand smoking can kill people. Lastly, there are many smoking area in the country. Because the government could not completely ban smoker from the smoking, they made many smoking area. Therefore, smokers keep this policy because it is at the least consideration to non-smokers. Consequently, from the reasons, we can help poor kids by stop smoking and smokers can damage non-smoker and the last there are many smoking area. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants for many people and many reasons.
Of course, I agree. They should not ever smoke in public places Someone who smoked cigarettes in public places, the people he or she may get sick due to tobacco, and, you know, secondhand smoke is more dangerous than direct smoke Because smoking in public places because of the obvious etiquette. In addition, smoking in public places Give a relative sense, because the discomfort. First of all, smoking in public places gives go give enormous damage. The damage is just second-hand smoke. Due to secondhand smoke in 1996 2, 277 people died from lung cancer were Korean women, if the husband did not smoke they would have been approximately 800 lung cancer deaths of women could have been prevented, he said. So, smoking in public places, as well as smokers in public places that bring a lot of damage to people's behavior. Second, because smokers in public places smoking law will be able to reduce the number of smokers. Because in a public place away from public places smoke-free due to having to smoke, because the number of smokers would be able to give you one because I think. Smoking in public places to the end of the act that brings harm on you, so should smoking.
These days smokers are get no consideration for others in a restaurant Smokers don't care about other people in a restaurant They appear that smoking is harmful to other people Therefore I really agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Because not only smoking is very harmful to their health, but also smoking is more harmful to cigarette smoke breathing people Smoking can lead to various cancer and various diseases Because of many people and all ages in a restaurant, smoker is much damage to children, older people, pregnant woman and other people Passive smoking is harmful to our health more than smoking Therefore passive smoking breath people increase risk of various cancer and various diseases So, people who don't smoking is very angry Besides, smoking smell is terrible so, food taste is lost And restaurants had better make smoking room People who smoke cigarette must don't smoke in a restaurant If they want smoking, they smoke out restaurant for many people's health in a restaurant Also, restaurants need restrictions to smokers Smoker needs more consideration for others in a restaurant and they realize that their smoking is harmful to other people's health
All countries should ban smoking in the dining room is in favor of handaneungeot This is dangyeonhangeot cigarettes that is harmful to human health is the fact that everyone knows. And the dining room instead of going with the ten thousand and two children, smokers, smokers as well as elderly people, but it also has more banned. Appears better than direct smoking is secondhand smoke a child with two older adults takes on the smoke yarmulke nothing. If you go to a restaurant these days almost always have separate smoking areas or smoking room. But almost all smokers in the restaurant. However, should strive When you quit smoking for those around her, but also good. Smoking in a lot of problems lately and we need to pay attention must. If you smoke, especially lung, liver, and many have problems. Later gave birth to another child on the failed Cause when there is high probability of a child We should always smoke. I keep smokers know the risk is much harder in the future. To the friends and family members should also smoke. I think a lot more people than he should be around. Should be any healthier than smoking and smoking cessation People who smoke and smoking hate soon as possible to repent Health is the most important No smoking in the development of the country also needs to A large number of unhealthy people in the country there will be an addition damages. Let us all smoking! In places such as restaurants, especially about being non-smoking preferred. In places such as restaurants, especially about being non-smoking preferred.
I do not smoke. The defendant does not want to forward. This is because I hate the smell of cigarettes. So, who wander the streets looking at recreation in the tobacco harm the people around him seems to emit a spooky. That does not mean I did not smoke. So when I was a student friend in elementary school is seen curiosity. Although it did not directly cigarette stuck to his teacher was right for a very scolding can remember. The magazine has a cigarette behind. Puts a cigarette again, it was in the military that was at the time had come. At that time, so lonely, I have struggled a lot. I was elected to learn from the tobacco. Then, the two being sometimes thought cigarettes were bad times for each. Stop smoking followed by the conclusion of the army to School at the University, but the smell of smoke when you drink, you were missed. So the bad times, one for each cigarette, but frequently did not think about health. Right now is not the smoke. I do not smoke, my girl, I hope the people who hate tobacco. Imagine ever being old is a healthy future. Even if cigarette prices rise the more I do not care.
Nowadays, many people smoking cigarettes. But most of the smokers are high school students. Smoking is really harmful for teenagers and matures. Cigarettes are bad for your health and are not good mentally. Cigarettes are the cause of various illnesses such as cancers, and impotents. And cigarettes smokers know that already. And cigarette smokers give a negative sight. But smoking is not only bad for you. Cigarette smokers can have a joy at it and give a benefit to the nation because the price of the cigarettes has state tax. And cigarettes also become a favorite food for the smokers. You can choose to smoke if you want. I think to say STOP SMOKING is not good idea. If the smoker does not give damage for another people, I think we need not to say like that. We can make them a lot of smoking area for the smoker and the nonsmoker. I smoke cigarettes too. But my father said it will be good for you that cutting the cigarettes. So I am considering quitting cigarette. I think if I quit it, I can save my money and my health. Thank you for reading my essay and I will study hard in English.
I think that smoking must be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because tobacco give very injurious to people. In the restaurants, people eat food so many people do not like smoking. Moreover, cleanliness of food is very important to people. In addition, passive smoking's give damage to others people. I want say three reasons that smoking must be banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, when eat food, people do not like smoking in the restaurants. Because foods eat taste and smell. In addition, smell of cigarette is disturbed to others people. Next cleanliness of food is very important. Food should always be clean and fresh. Therefore, taste of food is delicious. However, if the side table smoking, we think that is annoying and go out in the restaurants. Last passive smoking's give damage to others people. So smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. Passive smoking give very injurious to people. Also, passive smokers more injurious than smokers. In addition, Restaurants have a very narrow because there are people receive all the damage. Eventually, the damage caused by smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Also we must try to do not smoke in restaurant and should try to be considerate of others.
Smoking is a bad ways not in home but outside if you do something yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in toilet or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoking in somewhere you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the best way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing if yoyo are hard you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
I think cigarette is a worst item in every situation. First, smoking looks not good. The person whose have smoking looks like gangster. Second, cigarette is not healthy. But if a smoker is smoking I can't scold to him the reason of only smoking. Because of smoking is just his choice. Third is very important thing that is smoking on the road. I have ever been this situation. When a smoker is smoking by walking I was his behind. I was very disgusting. Because of his blow with cigarette smoke is toward me. In fact, I have never been thought about smoking on the road before I went through this situation. But my mind has changed. The smokers whose have smoking on the road are very rude person. But now I think just smoking is not correct. Surely, if someone has smoking then the other person is suffered. So I can scold to them because I am suffered by them. Accordingly these contents, I think all places must have space for only smokers. Restaurants are not exception. Besides restaurant is a place to eat something but if someone has smoking other people get displeasured. So all smoker are smoking their place not to damage to other nonsmokers.
Do you like smoke or hate it? Does your family smoking? Like it or you are alone? Smoking is a bad ways not in home but outside if you do something yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in WC or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoking in somewhere if you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the best way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing if yoyo are hard you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
Smoking was practiced by Native Americans in both North and South America as far back as 100 A. D. Tobacco was originally used by these people in religious ceremonies, but later it became common to smoke for pleasure. Cigars are also rolled in tobacco leaves while cigarettes are rolled in paper. The leaves used to roll cigars must be thin, smooth, and of good color for the best cigar. According to the study, chewing tobacco increased the risk of heart attack two-fold and smokers had a three-fold increased risk of a heart attack compared to people who had never smoked hate smoking. I don't understanding smoker. They are why smoking. Smoking is very bad thing. Smoking is hazardous to your health. It certainly wasn't worth the money we paid to see it. I hope to government outlawed smoking in all public buildings and street. I want high taxes have recently been imposed on cigarettes. Many smokers are remembering informant fact. Don't forget active smokers are passive smokers too. It's very disgusting and stressful. Hang out with people who don't smoke. I don't really understand any person who smokes. I can't stand it when people smoke as they walk down the street. The air is already polluted, so I don't understand why people want to smoke
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I am smoking by three year. But I never smoke in restaurant. It is very rude behavior that smoking in restaurant. I don't stand for rude behavior. I'd like to express why don't ban smoking in restaurant. First. I'd like eat food in clear environment. Are we both thinking the same thing? If that is the case, we ought to ban smoking in restaurant. When I was young, I hate to smoking person in restaurant. My family is same thing Father is be outspoken in criticizing to them. I am helped my father behavior. Second, smoke is very harmful in healthy. But the cigarette smoke is giving other people more than harm. If they were smoke in restaurant. They are compensating for damage. I know that smoking is hard to endure but other people don't want scent your cigarette smoke. If you have a think you endure to smoke in restaurant. Finally, if you smoking in restaurant, I could smell the cigarette smoke in my clothes. Are you dry my cloth? In conclude we must have forbid to smoking in restaurant. That is, the only way to keep a people relationship. If someone smoke in restaurant, the police a levy a large fine to him. We are considerate of others feelings
I agree opinion that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are too many non-smoking area in the restaurant. There are restaurant well observe the law. But, the rule in many restaurants is widely ignored. The smell of smoke is very harmful to nonsmokers. Many people are damaged from second-hand smoking. What are the effects of second-hand smoke? Second-hand smoke can cause life-threatening diseases such as lung cancer. So, secondhand smoking is very bad to health. I have bad remember in a restaurant. When we were eating delicious food, man was smoking continue towards me at the next table, I really hate a smoke smell. The restaurant provides a good service and taste good. But, I was getting a very bad headache from the smoking smell. Smoker doesn't know any shame. They have a lot of shameless. Also, they got no consideration for others. If smokers want to smoke, they will have to go outside. They Also, the restaurant owner should follow the rule exhaustively and not be left to smoking. I want to non-smoking eat delicious meal without suffering. Therefore, I approve opinion that Smoking has to be completely banned at all the restaurants.
About being in a restaurant about smoking is a problem. Restaurant as well as smoking in all public areas must be. If you do not think that is enjoyable to yourself. Passive smoking and risk of harm to others illustrates. The perils of secondhand smoke A lot of people who do not know it, you need to stop smoking in public places and restaurants to think. Nice and tasty food to eat are we doing when we smoked at the next table will be happy. If you feel bad to do good to each other's it do not think it. And you want a pleasant atmosphere in any restaurant. However, a side table filled with smoke from a cigarette you will feel if you do not want get into a restaurant. Cigarette smoke is harmful to children and the elderly too much. Damage compensation if we go to them, how would you do? To do this requires non-smoking. And the smoke itself is harmful to the body of rotting lungs. So these are my thoughts. Booking agent for the health of each other in order to agree that smoking in restaurants. Thanks for listening, in my opinion is an awful lot.
Smoking is devil everyone is caught up in a tempting smoking is the source of all disease nowadays women are more likely to smoke a lot of blood so I am so irritated. Smoking a lot of lectures held by smokers want to help to realize them so all of the people away from smoking. There are several ways nowadays taste of cigarettes. It is really strange. Next month, i hope the smoking rate please decrease, nowadays, smoking is more significant in women When such coverage in the news personally sick mind Restaurants today are almost smoking areas available So people eat rice meals defendant before the defendant in the habit of wearing a cigarette seems to be living Smoking area by creating a lot of people think that smoking should be able to By this time I'm too extreme for a cigarette seems to be an opposition, but not smoking, smoking section, I do not think so badly All people who want to break up a cigarette during the one person I wanted in the killing, but I do not want the people to dry hope my tiny little bit of smoke in the next year is to want fewer
I don't agree this topic. Of course smoking gives people a lot of damage. But I think completely banned is not the best way. For smokers, each restaurant will build a smoking shelter. But I disagree smoking before you put food. Therefore Smokers and nonsmokers should try to understand each other. But what should we do if the bar? I think Nonsmokers should try to understand a little better. One way, nonsmokers can use a bar room. Or use a lot of windows in a well ventilated place. If you put a stop to smoking in pubs the store will be closed. Each restaurant or bar to create a bit of a discipline is also a good way. Today is a democracy. In democracy, even though it's smoking freedom should not be suppressed. However, smokers should be considerate too Secondhand smoke is worse than Smoking. Especially smokers should be don't forget this fact The best thing is to quit smoking. But the most difficult way. Instead, If you obey rules about smoking, no problem. Recklessly ban smoking is unfair. Because people have the right to freedom. Another way is to divide the smoking seat and nonsmoking seat In fact, there are lots of these restaurants. And has been good. For this reason, I prefer that they keep the freedom. Again, so I don't agree on this topic. I think minority opinion is important. Although not a nice person!
People will not be allowed to smoke at some restaurants and apartment complexes. It is desirable not to smoke in public places. If you don't want to die, you should stop smoking. Also Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. Smoking affects other people as well as the smoker I think that we should think about others in public places Also Smoking is prohibited in most public places in the other country. Secondhand smoking enforces a law and if someone smoking will be punished by law. But Restaurant and public places make smoking room for smoker. Smoking was banned in public areas mostly because of passive smoking affecting others. The city already holds designated smoking zones to separate smokers in some public spaces. If I am near a smoker, it's like I am smoking, too Also, if anyone smokes cigarettes, try to stay away from them while they are smoking. Smoking damages your health. On cigarette packs, there are warning labels stating that smoking is hazardous to your health. The nicotine in tobacco is a substance harmful to the human body and the cigarette's detrimental effects on the body are immeasurable. Because anywhere should be banned smoke and Second-hand smoke.
Cigarette smoking in the dining room is a non-gentlemanly behavior. Persons who smoke cigarettes, but smoke the other hand, because the person does not smoke in a restaurant should not act. Tobacco is harmful to the body with various carcinogens in secondhand smoke to non-smoker to damage to the human body is enormous. The findings also demonstrate more than two persons next to cigarette smoking and secondhand smoke is more harmful to the people around him because it hurts to think that you need. When I started right at the restaurant and tobacco smell and taste in the food they're eating all the symptoms that cause paralysis due to be off-line to enjoy the flavor of the food so the smell of cigarettes are just as offensive to the people. Groined eat all the food for the happy smell of cigarettes if one loses its physical and mentally happy enormous damage to think this. I smoked a cigarette within the restaurant is the opposite of people's health and peace in this world who smoked a cigarette in a restaurant that thinks the opposite. The future cannot smoke gradually increase restaurant and hope that will stop. Harmful to human body due to cigarette smoking is thought that must be performed.
The essay Topic B : Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with Topic B. The reason is Smoking is harmful to health as well as gives discomfort to others Growing number of smokers who went on that day, but also the growing trend is non-smoking areas. But most of all in the dining room I think smoking should be made to the essential. Everyone in the restaurant a taste of their food hangaropgo feel comfortable place to enjoy the time. Places to eat such food if the puffing can give offensive to another table. As experience in the restaurant when I went to the defendant tobacco yeopteyibeulyina yeopsaramyi once or twice, if ever it was not unpleasant. So the father smoking in public places also needs to ban smoking. Also, common sense would know that most people own second-hand smoke is more harmful than smoking. For this reason, public place if the puffing stamp in the dining room to the greater glory than his others, it is also damaging. The restaurant is clean, the place where prevail if the puffing of people such a bad place to think. The entire restaurant, so I think smoking should be set.
What is smoking? Means to prohibit smokes. I agree with smoking. The reason is because smoking harmful to the body. However, knowing why people smoke bloom. It is the addiction. So, when someone smokes those who do not smoke, the damage should be given. The blood than those who smoke more harmful to people because the blood does. According to the study who smoked cigarettes does have a low incidence of cancer than people who are blooming? What is this? It is not fair. Therefore, smoking is important. Now being conducted, but a lot of non-smoking areas should be. Now there is not a lot of non-smoking areas. So when someone smokes a lot of damage to people they will not bloom. Communities to live together rather than harm to others, to help each other live with society is society. We all should be helpful to each other. If cigarettes are damaging to disappear. But addiction does not disappear because of the scary factor is another effort to reduce the damage should think. The first of them think that smoking is to begin. So no smoking in the community is an issue that must be achieved first. Therefore, I agree with smoking. The best thing to remember here we are a victim of our family will also.
Almost all adult smokers in the country and the men and women smoking in recent years have increased so pricey. Moreover, the problem is that young people are smoking. Growth smoking among youth, as well as adversely affect the growth, and crime is caused by smoking is significant. I am not the problem, quit smoking itself is a problem I think. The so-called people, but my body does it matter, I was the hammer of secondhand smoke is more dangerous than smoking. For the comfort of their own health risks of other people think that is unreasonable. Does not cover the place, especially when these days because of people smoking does cause harmful interference, both visually and olfactory. Children reported the smell of cigarettes and continue to learn in charge of children's health at risk. Their children imagine further that the smoking. Whether or not other people's children to secondhand smoke was not blow care to think about their own children to note that anyone. . . OECD 32 member countries of the average suicide rate in 2009, 11. 2 per 100, 000 being entitled, and South Korea have shown that for every 100, 000 people 26. Since 2000 the suicide rate in most OECD countries, but Korea is contrary to the trend of increasingly lower suicide rate among OECD countries has shown the highest zucchini No. 1.
I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some smokers have insisted that they have a right to smoke without restriction. Of course, they have a right to enjoy what they love everywhere and every time. But their right is protected only when their right doesn't affect other people. To make other people's health bad by smoking in public places is one of the worst crimes. Especially, a restaurant is the place where there are many kids. These innocent kids breathe in bad air because of irresponsible smokers. While they have a right to enjoy smoking, the kids also have a right to protect their health. However I know it is an extreme way to ban smoking completely at once. So I'd like to suggest a way. Not to make the cigarette smoke leak from the smoking room at the restaurant owner should make some places for the smokers outside the building. Because smokers and non-smokers are at the same place even though they made some places for them in the restaurant. But we should bear in mind the fact that the most perfect way to prevent the secondhand smoking is to quit smoking.
I opposed smoking at the restaurants room. Because I am non-smoker. The dining room is not the place where the individual is alone. There are others people, such as restaurant. People have a right to eat and clean place. Do not give harm to others people. The restaurant has children. There are also non-smokers. Secondhand smoke to children and pregnant women are not very good. Cigarettes smoke contains the bad ingredients. The ingredients will adversely affect the human body. Cause lung cancer and various complications. Cigarette smoke is bad influence to the fetus. Cigarette ash blowing in the wind could get into food. Will harm others people. For the most part non-smokers do not like the smell of cigarettes. If you smoke, an enclosed place is not awakening. As an unpleasant smell to eat. Non-smokers will have a meal while you feel uncomfortable. Eliminates the smell of cigarette taste Trouble is the results that provide. Due to the smokers that the damage that other people should be prevented. Smoking in restaurants should be prevented. Smokers should smoke in outdoor. Is not harmful to others people. Cigarette is very bad for your health. Harm to self and others, will harm. So let us stop smoking.
Of course I smoke in the dining room for smokers, but the opposition has had an opinion. Because every person has an affair, even if cigarette smoking, people smoke a lot people who do not like the smoke, also because of everyone in the restaurant is that smoking is bad for you to have the idea. Secondhand smoke also affects the people around him to gain some traction with the swings even worse because it will not feel the smoke in restaurants. Tobacco is very bad for pregnant women or children or the elderly affecting the impact of people have bad tastes lately there is much controversy about smoking in public places as well as more or less people looking for ways to abstain from smoking and I'm aware of. I smoke, but leverages a lot of people's bad place if you avoid a lot of people are also likely to abstinence future, many of these policies is also made and people should good effect and in the future, as well as smoke bad for people that affect public If you think that you should get out of work to improve. Conclusions from the restaurant to smoke a lot of people's bad are that should abstain.
Are contrary Smokes in a restaurant that is about? The restaurant's dining room is where people eat food Anybody smoking behavior in the cigarette smoke was thinking its senseless act. Fiji smoker smokes, but does not have kid Prohibited in public places, like blood, but to eat good food is in place. Will eat food that tastes even more. They leave to smoke but two are anorexic. If the defendant gutty bathroom or go outside and are courtesy of a smoker's blood. If you can talk about the restaurant. If pregnant women are complete and enormous damage. Baby and a pregnant woman unwittingly take the smoke is bad for health. Seems to be worse for your health eventually. Smokers, but there are restrung When people on the street, blood in the direction of the wind that comes along only a feeling you're going to take is. But if taking food at the restaurant, even the smell of cigarettes led to the feeling of the times seems to be order gunman. It looks like, and Unsportsmanlike. Pop cigarette smoke, but people go gum not give damage. A blossom on the street is the problem with morality. This morality was taught from childhood by adults must show exemplary.
Smoking is very harmful for our body but many people smoke. Smoking People says that it can be forgetting our stress because the cigarette is very bitter. I cannot understand this words but they like smoking because of this reasons. Also, all the smoking people have this reason but I heard about this reason for Smoking many times. Smoking is very bitter and harmful for our body. There are many maître cancer genes in cigarette. So, I don't like smoking. In Korea, the age of smoking is 19. Minor cannot smoke and buy the cigarette. In the restaurant, there is non - smoke area for non - smoking people. So, whenever I go to the restaurant I sit in non - smoking area because I hate smoking. The sex rate of smoking is woman's rate is less then man's rate. But, theasedays, many women smoke in anywhere. The price of cigarette is very expensive but many smoking people buy that every day. Theasedays, there are many campaign for stopping smoking. Especially, smoking is not good for pregnant women because smoking is very harmful For baby in womb. Stopping smoking is very important during pregnant. People have to stop smoking for body and baby.
Smoking and smoking a lot of people overlook the negative perspective. And it is. The media, as well as many of us have been taught on the map, parents, teachers smoking among us are a bad deal. Smokers, those doing will ruin their health has said. Around me, even though there are a lot of people who smoke. Their first reason is that smoking was because of simple curiosity. Curious and learned to smoke in adolescence, children should not hang their tobacco addictive. Around me to be in place shall a person in Fiji is that through this without your knowledge Figueroa was known as the addictive nature of cigarettes. They also believe that to quit smoking is to: Scared of hair come out, but that is easily addictive. However, while smoking, they overlook the people around them. Smoking is bad. Secondhand smoke is bad, but it is better. Because the third party victims. On television a few years ago due to secondhand smoke while talking about the neck machine, but I saw my grandmother. But the real victims of my grandfather smoking will become a grandmother. Yireotdeut smoking affects a lot of third parties even to a child affect a married man. Most people who smoke to children of mothers will know that is not good. But his father's cigarette smoking plays a role in your child more. The presence of a child because his father from the start. Yireotdeut smoke valued their children and their presence poses a threat to people smoking, partly because countries think we are going to be looking for ways to replace.
I agree to this statement. Restaurant is crowded with many customs. Specially, many customs eat good food in restaurant. By the way, smoking is really dangerous, dirty and uncomfortable to them. If smoking is covered with restaurant, many customs will dislike and angry. Actually, smoking makes a cancer. Because of smoking, so, some of all over the world people are dying. But, many smoking lovers are smoking even if a lot of warning. Most of all over the world people knowing to smoking dangerous and remind smoking lovers of stop smoking. As a result, some of smoking lovers stopped smoking slowly. And, smoking is stopped in a lot of building. But, some of restaurants are allow smoking. Finally, custom's health is damaged to smoking in restaurants. Smoking can kill many people. Especially, it is important for restaurants to have clean environment. In case smoking is more spread in restaurants, it is damaged to many customs and environment at the same time. At the moment, custom is having the right to eat food in restaurant. Because of smoking's danger, however, many customs can't unhappy. In the end, it is necessary for smoking to be stopped by strong power. So, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
Smoking is the right thing about being in a restaurant. Cigarette smoke, I suppose entering the food they eat. Bad substances in cigarette smoke, burning out the smoke coming groined indirectly touch the body; the food is no surprise that bad. In smokers and nonsmokers in restaurants, as smokers, nonsmokers, because they're eating all the food should look at the damage. So, Korea has a separate smoking area. The restaurant is respect for public places because it is. So they would for smoking in eating places and the wrong behavior, smoking, smoking and, if possible restaurant, we have split the food eaten. When it filled with smoke smokers smoking area will be reluctant to eat food from is really no need to smoke in restaurants should not be thought that the food you can swing by dameokgo if smoking is to go out. Restaurant, as well as designated smoking areas in restaurants do not they should not smoke. For those who do not smoke, cigarette smoke may be very sorry for so much as in the restaurant's Good to keep up with Scion. Also eating food is not good for those who smoke both on and off the dining room should be made in a given location. Suppose you have a baby in a restaurant. It is fine to smoke her out of there thinking, awareness will be in charge of knowing. Smokers to have to do a little maintenance.
Do not smoke in restaurants. A lot of people do, because tobacco smoke, which is to damage to public morals. In addition, if you've had for ages were Vice Stale smell anorexic because I cannot even want to know. The defendant will still want to smoke outside or in restaurants I've got to be smoked in a cigarette smoke to harm others, pointed out that the behavior is deserved. And cigarette smoke is harmful to the body. Secondhand smoke does to the body than smoking directly not good is the fact that everyone knows. It is also being closed to secondhand smoke in restaurants because the taste to die. Smoking in restaurants to smoke outside the restaurant than the others bother her because even good, for others it would be nice so you can eat delicious meal. Cigarette smoking in restaurants should never be. In order to eat delicious food and unwanted guests from harmful smoke but if you do not it will be out of business. And restaurants in the young children to secondhand smoke have a worse impact if the body. Children in growth stage lung cancer may increase the more likely than adults because they require special attention to smoking in restaurants should not be so.
Agrees that smoking in restaurants. Tobacco smoke in a restaurant is because the damage to other people. Secondhand smoke is very bad because the body of the people. People who smoke are not related, as well as damage to an innocent man go to anyone. Secondhand smoke is healthier than direct smoking is bad. Therefore, smoking should be at the restaurant. Cigarette smoke in the pleasant restaurant spoil meal. Between trying to eat a nice restaurant will harm people. In addition, the body is harmful to people who smoke. Will damage the lungs and even between. Very harmful to the body. Cigarette smoke is very harmful, especially to children and pregnant women. Therefore, in order to protect them should be non-smoking restaurant. Cigarette smoke is very difficult for people. Prevent smoking in a restaurant that is necessary. Quitting smoking is essential at any place. Smoking is an addiction as the body is very harmful. The restaurant likes to be in a lot of people would gather. So many people gathered public places or places smoking are essential. Larger society is less smoking logo. If you are very tall without smoking increases belly. For my opinion so far Thanks. Both are smoking.
Smoke is a drug that a harmful for human. There are 30% of the people who addicted to smoking in the world. It's increase everyday but have a decrease ages. In the past, people became to smoke in 30 years old but now, it's 15 years old or lesser. There are many effect that cause such as, community, parent and transmitter. If a person in family who smoke then child can imitate them. That one is the influence or movies that show of many smoking scene so, it make the wrong popularity with people. Same tobacco smoke that cause a air bag aneurysms and a lung cancer. Tobacco smoke is dangerous with around people by the smell if you get the carcinogen can cause many disease same true smoke. When you are going out of the place you should let the mask in every where for help you protect from smoke. So, the smoking is a toxin in the community, not only to smoke in your house or outside. It's damaging with yourself and other. We should campaign to decrease, to stop smoking for children and women who pregnant or your good health in the future.
Smoking in restaurants is not possible. Restaurants are public places and places to eat myself to not harm the people you might want to come back with. While damage too many people eat rice and give discomfort to others in order to avoid damaging behavior should not smoke. Nonsmokers than smokers who smoke look more damage. All the buildings are now non-smoking restaurant in the building's smoking building, smoking will be positive. Actually, all the damage at the expense of more than one person to enjoy a delicious meal and a chat while eating should refrain from smoking. Create smoking areas for smokers for smokers, where are creating. Where all can dine in the Proficient smoking. Paying money to the rice while eating a hot dog eating discomfort in more comfortable and happy to eat the rice should be a smoking restaurant. Non smoker of many smokers of fewer smokers in order to yield a large number of meals can be happy and everyone should make a space. Number of all the happy meals at the expense of the environment better than if you are going to be. All meals come when you eat happily. Let us concede a little. Thank you
Agrees on smoking. The biggest reason is harmful to the body. I would not smoke. In Korea Society persuade current smoking is a social atmosphere. A lot of people congregate such as restaurants and public spaces, because the harm to others smoking enemy required. In a society is to raise cigarette prices. This is like creating a social atmosphere of a non-smoking. But smokers are opposed. In such a manner to create a restaurant and cook food thoroughly to quit smoking they should be It is a big problem because the hygienic. Personal hygiene, as well as healthcare costs rise, you can do. While increasing the incidence of cancer is a social problem. These increases the medical costs will increase as a national tax. In order to quit smoking so that smokers can quit smoking requires a range of social policy and should help them. Should help a lot of people around. If smoking is any healthier body and cleaned the streets. Cigarette smoking is not good on the body should be unconditional. Because smoke is difficult to mention about this issue. The fact that she is bad for your body, because obviously I think smoking should be. More thank you.
II think smoking in public place is harmful to yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in toilet or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoke in somewhere you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the bees way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
Cigarettes are not good for our body. Everyone knows that. There are many smokes around me. My father, my uncle, my friends smokes. But there are know that smokes are harmful. But why quite difficult no smoking? I don't understand. Nonsmoker's doesn't understand too. Just could not smoke. But, there is very difficult quite smoking. Because tobacco is an addictive substance. Therefore, should not be smoked in the first place. They have a high percentage of getting a cancer, and get a lung cancer. So people say it choose when we die. And we will have difficulty to breath. People who smokers are should have manners. . No smoking at bus stop, no smoking at restaurant, no smoking at public. How Smoking Effect Your Health? Although the negative health effects of cigarette smoking cannot be debated, it remains the single most common cause of preventable deaths. Long-term smokers have a much higher risk of developing a host of life threatening diseases. Heart and lungs are most damaged by smoking. Smoking adversely affects the reproductive system, especially in women. Many female smokers experience irregular or absent periods. The risk of cervical cancer is increased. There is also an effect on the man's level of sex hormones. But the same will eventually harmful.
Do you like smoking and where will you smoke? Like it or you are alone? Smoking is a bad ways not in home but outside if you do something yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in WC or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoking in somewhere if you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the best way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing if yoyo are hard you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
Restaurants are a place consumes of a lot of people, the air in restaurant then is the thing that is important, because, the restaurants are a place of the people, then should not give the air in a shop doesn't be livable. The restaurant in a city, there is a people more than at other when be many of the people causes should recall of someone, while there is dangerous to receipt of counts 10,000 peoples and the thing that are smoking which sure never have agree. Everybody should banned, it, putting up a sign warns to are the thing at doesn't can, because do not agree follow it, do not turn back the though that, how is its dangerous smoke to the other. I'm agree, the people is selfish and smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the city, a person makes a mistake should receive the penalty. So who are case who are adjust oneself, the food shop is livable, the food is delicious, the air is bright affect to help give the life and the mind of person happy.
I think smoking in restaurant banned but no public place can smoke. Smoke cigar is his free and right. Nobody cannot judge the choice and right. Smoking is rude and damage to the other people. I agree this opinion. But If smoker does not use cigar in the public space. It could be admission. My friend also smoker. He is very like smoking. He never smoke in the public space. He knew that smoking damage to the othere person. So if he wants to smoke, he goes out and smokes. Many smoker perceive that problem about when burned cigar made many smell and not good at health chemistry partial. He tried to care that he does not want to damage to other people. Smoking in restaurant or public space is very dangerous. Smoke always with fire. So that fire can progress big fire and can kill many people. That is why I cannot agree admitting smoke in public space or restaurant. I always caution that cigar cause many fire and harmful chemistry essential. Maybe I think no one never use cigar. . . It will become happy world. That is very not good at to human's health. So I think that Smoking should be banned!
I will prohibit smoking anywhere. Because all people from smoking damage. Smoking is frowned upon us. People on the street to smoke, especially behave irrationally. And smoking is injurious to you and your family health. Substances in cigarettes are bad for health worsens. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. Smokers have a higher mortality rate than nonsmokers. In addition, cigarette can be fatal to young children. These days, Smoking is the entire ton among teenagers. Teenagers are curious and likely to start smoking is the largest. As well as the growth of children will affect life. Female smokers than male smokers than in the old days there has been increasing. This is a big social problem. One of the reasons people smoke, the social is stressful. You should not solve social stress in smoking. Instead, let's smoking movement! So, we need to stop smoking, and smoking campaigns should show. There are anti-smoking campaigns from pole to pole. Non-smoking stickers to be backed by a lot of various facilities. But, the more no smoking place will be extended. Also, if you cannot stop the production of cigarette smoking to raise larger agrees. Therefore, I strongly oppose that smoking. I come every day who want to quit smoking.
In favor of smoking in restaurants. But even as personal preferences and eating space, people just do not smoke tobacco, and taking harsh actions too still I think. In addition, smokers receive more damage than the secondhand smoke in public places big, I may not have even the damage seems to be watching live. Because cigarette smoke is dropping. . . but the food maven their health threats when I'm feeling anxious, who did come out and eat. And increasingly the trend is going to public places; smoking has been extended to public places, smoking is right to say I do not think that. Their own health as well as others to consider the health of the citizens to have hope. Smoking in public places and other people's non-gentlemanly behavior frowned upon I think we better refrain from acting. Smokers are not that bad. I got to a minimum while others believe that the sun will care. In this way, I think we better if we could be smoking rather biheupyeonjado think. And too much damage, especially to pregnant women or go Priority. For pregnant women to their fetuses, because a bad influence more should refrain from smoking in public places should think.
I agree that the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. One of the major chemical components of cigarettes known as nicotine causes people's addiction in smoking. Once you get hooked on to the habit of smoking it is extremely difficult to quit. It is not hard to find people around us who try to quit the habit of smoking and the process is just not that simple and easy. The longer you have smoked it is harder to quit. In Korea, since early 2000, the government had already started to ban smoking in public areas such as bus stops, subway stations, and some of the indoor restaurants. They also have raised the price of cigarettes few times as an effort to decrease the number of smokers. It is scientifically proven that smoking causes numerous types of cancers. And even more shockingly, second hand smoking causes more damage to non smoker's body than actual smokers. Smokers are putting non smokers in great danger by exposing them to smoke. It is true that non smokers find cigarette smoke unpleasant and they do not want to be around them. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it will not only protect people's health and their well beings but also it may help to decrease the number of smokers in the country.
I do not smoke one. Does not smoke, I smoke in restaurants and I do not think I cannot do it. However, the ban on smoking in restaurants should be. In fact, smokers who smoke more indirect impact were bigger than the known. Thus people who do not smoke in places such as restaurants to believe that, you need to care. In addition, smoking in restaurants so you can have an unpleasant thought, and degrade the taste of food. Smoking in restaurants and the food has a bad affect. Person to accept the impact of having the leads to worse results. Restrictions on smoking in restaurants in globalization is increasing. Therefore, an absolute ban on smoking in restaurants should be. People who smoke, smoking in restaurants I'd agree it is a selfish thought. Their children and thereby impact on health would be adversely affected to think about. If you really think about the future of smokers smoking in restaurants also will not think. For smokers, these restaurants have to create the bathroom of a non-smoking area will be. Restaurants smoking area so if you cannot watch legally enacted will be a good idea. Thus my thoughts do not smoke in the restaurants is No shit.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For many people, all the restaurants are a place to go for delicious food. It is wrong that you smoke in the restaurant. Most people in the world don't smoke. Obviously, there are lots of people hated smoking like me. For my parts, I wish to be banned at all public places in the country as well as at all the restaurants in the country. For example, you imagine that family having two kids goes to the restaurant. Kids wait a delicious food but there are smokers next to family. Do the parents think that it is good? Course not. Smokers can say why smoking is bad. Smokers can say why we can't smoke over thinking others But we should think all kinds of people. It can damage not only smoker's health but also nonsmoker's health. Moreover it influences enormous effect to nonsmoker. Long time ago, I saw news about this. There was family. Father and brother smoke in the house. But nonsmoker, younger sister was died. Why? I really talk to you how smoking is bad. It is much bad to non smoker. So I hope to be banned.
Smoking is a bad ways not in home but outside if you do something yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in WC or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoking in somewhere if you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the best way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing if yoyo are hard you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
Smoking in public area has been a huge issue in our society for a long time, and because of that, it is becoming illegal in many countries in the world. As it is well known, smoking is bad for smoker himself, but also very harmful people near him. Even though it has been banned from many public areas, we still see people smoking in restaurants, where people eat, rests, and have a conversation. It is not right to smoke in restaurants, and it should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Like I mentioned, smoking is harmful to people near, not just to smoker himself. It is found that secondhand smoking is more harmful than smoking. Smokers do not have right to harm non smokers, who are not happy to be harmed. Restaurant is a public place for everyone, and if people start to smoke, non smokers in the restaurant inevitably breathe all the harmfulness in the cigarette. That is why it should be banned. Let's say that there is a happy pregnant woman in the restaurant, having a meal and a conversation. If one person starts to smoke in the restaurant, he is harming the woman and a baby inside of her, and disturbing the happiness the pregnant woman enjoying in the meal. Is this something that should be happening?
I smoked a cigarette I do not think badly about. Because tobacco is the favorite food is. But those who do not smoke, smoking, may appeal to offend people. Because cigarette smoke is like that. Cigarette smoke will definitely biheupyeonjadeulege pain. The smell is so mega. Furthermore, those who do not smoke, the worse the smell of cigarettes. This is because such a thing as secondhand smokes. Tobacco smoke in public places that suffer from the smell of cigarettes. For those who do not smoke, so it is very uncomfortable. But for those who do not smoke, the smell of smoke like a person who smokes to quit smoking right now is a very difficult task. Cigarettes are so addictive because of the strong right now, of course, are hard to break in there. We just do julyeonaga seem the best way. For example, people smoked a day; twelve to eleven per day should be puffing. Then nine ten julyeonaga then do so slowly is the best way People who do smoke should also keep in mind to you. People out of smokes so there will not be. It will not be enough seoreoungeon. However, when someone smokes jueoseon harm to the people around you are not. Do observe good manners at least.
Noisy public place in society, in collaboration with several groups of people, or use part or another of these in a public place is where the government and local governments are managed and operated in a public facility that is just a place where such public facilities buses, trains, playgrounds, parks, sidewalks, schools, street lighting, public telephones, etc. There are many facilities where smoking is still if this facility is very large. On smoking in public places, as well as he can cause damage to many current smokers, 300 million people in China, the world's smoking population is one-third of the victims of secondhand smoke reaches the 500 million people, we got the results of the investigation are announced hanta. What is secondhand smoke also known as passive smoking, cigarette smoke, the south indirectly or passively inhaled smoke through the same means that will have an effect. Passive smoking and the incidence of various diseases, compared with just biheupyeonjae increased risk of death and life are reduced, and damage caused by tobacco. Especially children and pregnant wife are even greater if the damage. These second-hand smoke and smoking in public places is bad for the points looked to investigate in more detail in the point. Smoking in public places with some of the larger can be compressed in the nice thing about smoking in public places in the nice thing about a big as some can be compressed first, the damage caused by secondhand smoke.
I am sure that smoking in public place is harmful to do something yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in toilet or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoking in somewhere you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the best way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing if yoyo are hard you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
There is not benefit. Ads for cigarettes were all over the place. Today we're more aware about how bad smoking is for our health. Smoking is restricted or banned in almost all public places and cigarette companies are no longer allowed to advertise on TV, radio, and in many magazines. Almost everyone knows that smoking causes cancer, emphysema, and heart disease; that it can shorten your life by 10 years or more; and that the habit can cost a smoker thousands of dollars a year. So how come people are still lighting up? The answer, in a word, is addiction. The consequences of this poisoning happen gradually. Over the long term, smoking leads people to develop health problems like heart disease, stroke, and many types of cancer. Smoking is a hard habit to break because tobacco contains nicotine, which is highly addictive. Like heroin or other addictive drugs, the body and mind quickly become so used to the nicotine in cigarettes that a person needs to have it just to feel normal. Why smoke? I can understand. Especially I hate people smoking in the street. Smoke on the road is one thing that is harmful to the people around you. Although all people do not quit smoking. Smokers need some kind of etiquette training.
Of all countries to ban smoking in restaurants is the sound silly. Why this topic has been presented as a problem you cannot understand the intentions of the questionnaire. Is it possible to smoke in public places, as I'll understand? To ban smoking in public places where non-smokers in a smoker's perspective, not to think at all, are not considered. Smokers who underwent a questionnaire is very disliked the appearance. Mentally and physically harmful would smoke in the forefront of the country to choose a path that is not a specific system has a fail to exclude smokers staying at the time is wrong. He is not paying for smokers harm not only a place for smokers. Blindly without regard to smokers to quit smoking in public places is wrong, think of the place to begin. This is shown in a previous essay followed by implementation of national institutions will need to talk. Space for smokers ready to let re-thinking a problem Also got a smoker as a person, you should not think one way to non-smoker both should be understandable and flexible thinking. When the next survey, Weather heated up the rest as bait to reward what is it appropriate to participate in surveys? It is very exciting
I agree to the above argument. No smoking in restaurants and of course, common sense, you think that etiquette is to be guarded. Smoking makes people uncomfortable. The restaurant uses a lot of people. Therefore, should not smoke cigarettes. Unfortunately, people are vulnerable to the lure of tobacco smoking in restaurants are often smokers. The people do not feel well. In Korea, so many people smoke. As we know, smoking brings many harmful effects; especially teenagers and children affected these harmful effects easily than adults. Smoking is main cause of lung cancer. In addition, easy-to-hand smoke cigarettes cause cancer and smoking directly affects the poor more than anyone. A restaurant meal often come a lot of families. The children of the loop the smoke is harmful to health. Some smokers smoke in a restaurant to try to make sure that the most important. If there are smokers in a restaurant employee said this to prevent the smoke is also a good idea to ask. For smokers, even if their health should be non-smoking. Smoke-free restaurant should provide a good environment for guests. Nonsmoking is healthful and comfortable in a life. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is important
I disagree for smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Because smokers is a person. They have also human right so we are protect their right I am no smokers. No smoker's right very important but their right important I think. Many no smokers are existed in the world so smokers carefully for smell But I hate too many smokers in all restaurants because the smell is terrible. My experience me and my friend eat for food suddenly the cigarette smell is not fun and unpleasant I had headache for cigarette smell But their human right important Not smoking is healthy and damage for other people even so smokers should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country But the reason we have their right and some restaurant is ok This problem of solution restaurant for only smokers and separation place between and no smokers and smokers Also this topic agreement in the world many smokers will be angry in the world This topic too fast our world. This topic is not simple Many smokers and no smokers serious think together. Therefore I should not smoking be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country
Tabasco is favorite food. But public place is many people hate a smoking. I winner this question is not use able. Just student's time killer. Who make this question, I don't know. But this question is not change our student's life. Korea people think this long essay is hate. Why you did this question? You think change social? Nor just you test us? What is your purpose? Tobacco smoke in restaurants because children harmful. Because of their very young children even more harmful to the body. Therefore, cigarette smoke, that makes absolute. The cigarette smoke in restaurants in the food smells like cigarettes can cruiser. If you taste the food smells like cigarettes or more times become very unpleasant feeling is that since. So that makes more smoke cigarettes. And I want the defendant alone, smoking a cigarette smoke from other people with damage to the top because people are selfish. Because I am selfish person silage become increasingly more tobacco smoke in a restaurant that makes not. As part of the many restaurants in the family-smokers who do not smoke and is less than, so that makes cigarette smoke. This is why this subject. No smoking in restaurants should not smoke cigarettes, because people of all ages go neither damages that smokes nor second-hand smoke bad for people because they affect.
I will explain my opinion about smoking. I have a negative thinking about smoking so, I claim that smoking is handled narcotic crimes. Smoking has a lot of a weak point. There are fifth reasons of this claim. First, smoking can be cause cancer because cigarette has a lot of carcinogen. Carcinogen causes the cancer. Especially, if you smoke, you could get high chance of a lung cancer than nonsmokers. So, smoking is dangerous. Second, many people hate the smoking because the cigarette smell is disgusting smell. When I was a child, I smelled the sickening smell of cigarette. Third, secondhand smoking is a big health hazard than smoker. I heard that secondhand smoke will have chance of a cancer than smoker. Especially, women of secondhand smokers can be infertility. So, secondhand smoking is very terrible. Forth, if you smoke, you could reek dreadfully of tobacco and you can cause a lot of trouble for everybody else. Fifth, smoker will get a tartar buildup and have a foul breath. So smoker will be damage to people. For such a reason, smoking is doing more harm than good. Therefore, smoking is handled narcotic crimes. Smoker has to quit smoking. Then, you will get a health.
I agree. Quitting smoking in all restaurants in the country should be performed. Because the restaurant is a public place. So a lot of people use restaurant. In addition, people are eating foods there. However, if smoking will cause damage to many people, they are will feel uncomfortable and angry. Restaurant to cook with fresh foods and ingredients you have harmful tobacco smoke is not good for your health. And smoking in the restaurant itself is not a testament to other people. Not bad for people who smoke cigarettes, but smoking is even more harmful. Because children come to the restaurant to stop smoking in restaurants is not good. Some people like to smoke, but more people think there hates. It's going to damage them, and manners are not good. In addition, cigarette smoke, eat a meal in a restaurant is very harmful to health will be around the people hate. And will not be a good idea in view. If you want to go out and smoke will be smoking and not necessarily in a restaurant. I think damage too many people don't need to smoke. Therefore, for all of us completely ban smoking in restaurants will have to be.
I enjoy a cigarette that is smoked. Tobacco is the first time since high school began to bloom early bloom seems the very poor. High school, nothing really good place to begin to bloom appears moreulttae same. Without knowing anything just casual friends has an affair cigarettes is therefore to start to bloom is a big loss financially too. Flowers and packs of cigarettes a day when only 2, 500 won per day. Cigarettes a year in 2500 won what is wrought blooms. Plus, prices have continued to this state interest, nor so large amount of interest alone, which ttajyeoseo that amount to 10 percent of adults in Korea if you think about that amount becomes enormous. Frankly, more than 10% are not? Given the fact that amount and the world will really eomaeomahal. For these situations are very serious. And really it is not easy to smoking cigarettes. A year, you must feel good about yourself is very difficult to quit smoking is addictive is very strong. Smokes his own addiction to tobacco is addictive moreuneunche discard the map. If you are like me have a cigarette at any time, cut down juryman right. If you do not have a cigarette but I know it is insecure and upset.
I do not smoke. So I take to about smoking that can be done is limited. But I hate people who smoke. A smell of cigarettes is nasty and hard. A lot of bad things that tobacco has in our body. . . So I cannot understand people who smoke. To adhere to the addiction of cigarettes nicotine, tobacco no longer able to make hang. We smoked cigarettes to school students is very large. Smokes inside the building in many places. Passing by the place too hard. There are many smokers in our country. They pollutes many no smoker's am very upset, Smoking is indirect rather than direct smoking is bad. So I tried running away to smokers. I hope a lot of people smoked cigarettes decreased hope. Schools and many other places is active smoking cessation program. So I hope that helps people to receive such a place. My dad and hang up before you start smoking you can help. Smoking is really harmful to our bodies. This point will never change. It is to shorten the life of smoking. In addition, this point does not change, Cigarette smoking harm, nonsmoker to both people and involves. I will never learn to smoke. So Hope that all non-smoking,
I am a non smoker. And I very, very, very hate a smell of the smoke. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Also I love to cook. If someone smoke in my beside when I cooking, I will kick his face. I specially think that cooking is very holy. If smoke invades cooking Oh, no! That is vet terrible. Today smokers are very many. High school students, middle school students, girls and woman even my dog too? I feel to the many smokers. Clearly I do not hate them. Just I don't understand them and I curse a smoking. But finally I have to admit to them. Because many various people exist in the world. But I tell that it is need to another smoking place for the both of smoker and non smoker. The restaurants are too. I imagine that smoking place out of restaurants. Then smoking is not damage for cooking. I can't oppose the smoking completely. Because I don't understand every people in the society. Someone also does not understand me. Society will to try to understand with each other. For happy life of everybody. I think that is the heaven in the earth.
Non-smoking and secondhand smoke in public places at the same time to prevent damage that may lead smokers to quit smoking will be stop. Non-smoking rooms are set up that people smoke in a dense; space was to avoid damage to other people. For patients with heart disease, secondhand smoke in a very short time if you have a heart attack and cause significant dangers of secondhand smoke is a significant Smoking in most public facilities, streets and amphibians, but smoking does not take for granted that few people Secondhand smoke in the street to smoke more you smoke your body comes in a good passer and offensive yeah alright Cigarette smokers in hand walking the streets to intimidate people. This is done because the fire will come when the spring. Carelessly discarded cigarette butts all over the street view hyunghapnida Moving around on the streets of people exposed to cigarette smoke, I do hate it when you stand in the morning really. And this is regulated by law that secondhand smoke is considered necessary to prevent damage. Moderate smokers, smokers with no space have a lot of complaints on increasing geumyeonguyeokman. However, while damage to other people that smoking is not desirable.
I'm smoker. I know badly this one. But it's difficult. Smoking is a bad ways not in home but outside if you do something yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in toilet or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoking in somewhere you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the best way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing if yoyo are hard you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
I agree to the non-smoking restaurant. The restaurant is a public place. If you smoke in many people will be exposed. The people inside the restaurant will be harmed. Will be weakened because the taste of cigarette smokes. Smoking is deadly to children and pregnant women. Would you like to smoke about now? If a restaurant allows smoking in the smoking to the health of people who do not play any more will not come to the restaurant. The restaurant will be full only of smokers. The restaurant will be filled with tobacco smoke; restaurant staff will become addicted to tobacco smoke. Later to leave the restaurant staff, guests also will not come. The restaurant will be shut down, more and more. Cigarette smoke is very dangerous. Once infected and sick people, and to die is exposed. Smoking in restaurants and other public places, not to subliminal. Those who smoke do not smoke should be induced. In order to help people this is never a good Seems like there is reliable. If smokers do not get this to think about other alternatives. One important problem is in society. The best thing is that nothing smokers. The city's air will be very different.
I agree that the restaurant is non-smoking campaign. Where there is food on the smell of cigarette smoke, food soaks Damage to people who go around If you smoke, you know everyone is very often not a good point. Another worry is so anxious. But the fact is difficult to quit smoking. However, should strive When you quit smoking for those around her, but also good. Smoking in a lot of problems lately and we need to pay attention must. If you smoke, especially lung, liver, and many have problems. Later gave birth to another child on the failed Cause when there is high probability of a child We should always smoke. I keep smokers know the risk is much harder in the future. To the friends and family members should also smoke. I think a lot more people than he should be around. Should be any healthier than smoking and smoking cessation People who smoke and smoking hate soon as possible to repent Health is the most important No smoking in the development of the country also needs to A large number of unhealthy people in the country there will be an addition damages. Let us all smoking! In places such as restaurants, especially about being non-smoking preferred.
We need to ban smoking in all the restaurants because it causes many problems in our society. First, All restaurants is a place that many people eat and talk and public place. So there's a pregnant woman and kid. Smoking in this place is very dangerous. According to study, smoking smell effects 3-times on people who non-smoking. Second, people who saw smoking in young age are following smoking people. So many high school students are smoking. Even middle school students. Young age smoking is harmful. Once addicted to smoking, it's hard to be non-smoking people. Especially the children who have not will. Many people died every year because of smoking and smoking smell. Finally, Smoking in a public place is not good at our global society. Global society exist the Global manner. A global manner is do not evil effect on other people. Smoking is evil effect. Recently, psychologist define smoking is psychological disease. Definition of psychological disease is behavior that harmful for me and other people. I agree smoking on the hard physical workers. A physical workers are needed smoking because Physical workers are very tired. And they run the world. But I don't agree smoking at every public place.
I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the world. As one who hates smoking, smoking should be banned at all the public places as well as the restaurants in the world. Today, a lot of countries are banned smoking in the public place, but still a lot of countries don't ban smoking in the public places. So why ban smoking in the restaurants and the public places that will tell me reasons. There are three reasons. First, smoking damages other people. Smoking is a personal freedom, but smoking in the restaurant interfere freedom of others. Second, smoking is bad children's education and health. A lot of different people come to the restaurant. There is man, woman and child. When child comes to the restaurant, if setting guest next to child smoke, it is bad to child's health and education. The child think Finally, other guest is given unpleasant feeling by smoking especially in the restaurant. They eat delicious food, but smell bad smoke. They do not the smell. Also, they want to the naturally taste of food. But if together smoke, they can't the naturally taste of food. For this reasons, I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the world.
Do you like smoke or hate it? I think smoke is waste your or you are alone? Smoking is a bad ways not in home but outside if you do something yourself and your friends or others, you can smoke in WC or outside you are not live for yourself but others, you can do it in the place where have nobody if you can you should not smoking in somewhere if you should do it never because it is a bad habited health is important to protect your health someone think smoking is a way to relax yourself but in public it is harmful to others, so you should not do anything harm to others, the best way is stop smoking and protecting yourself, you can do it or many things to relax and it is not a way to show yourself, no matter who you are and no matter what you are doing if yoyo are hard you must think about others. Smoking is not a good way to do the best, it is not a good way to do something help others, you can show yourself and do it in a other way, so you must do something to help others, you are one of the group and you are a part of the people you cannot do it to protect others so you must do it in somewhere you are think you cannot do it where people are many so please do it when you are tired and there have nobody
This day, smoking is banned in most public places and buildings. But the problem is that they having a smoking area. They banned smoking, but they have a smoking area, that is so ironic. Smoking should be banned in public places. Especially at a restaurant. Because, first of all, there is non-smokers. Non smokers don't want to smell cigar smoke. They are going to lunch or supper, not eat cigar. Even if smoker sits their area, smell is into there. And I feel like eat disgusted garbage. If you eat dinner with smoker, that is disaster. Because of him, you should be there smoking area. So non-smokers have to smell uncomfortable cigar smoke. In my case, I really hate breathing other person's smoke. Second, smoking causes the toxic disease. As you know, Smoking can cause lung cancer. That damages non-smokers' health more than smoker. Non-smoker just enjoys their dinner, but they also receive a bad present from smoker. Smoking produces all evil and no good. Some smoker says if people don't like me to smoke, they can leave. But I think fast better than you quit the smoke. Cigarette is a kind if drug. I wish the smoker would stop smoking.
In my opinion does not fully seem to promote smoke-free. However, if the! If so that Bet you half the number of rooms to give up PC. If I would not seek other ways of smokers? Anionic not have much time smoking smoke coming out any time, PC to create a separate smoking room on its own at any time. If the Half of the income is not anything to lose completely. And to use the room for a long time PC-smokers to use their own PC room because there would be a matter due to the smoking issue, I think it will not give up. And a PC that does smoking usual minutes of smoking chain-smoking habit that tends to have heard from that part, so think that it can be respected. This is equivalent to crack down on underage in a bar, you can consider the same. Police crackdown on the bar that does not mean that every day. And the'flat-footed should crack down ""It gives the impression that. The liquor store owner to do their jobs even card checks. PC room, a raid found smokers in the room when the PC is given a penalty when a lot of PC room owner or the staff will take care smokers. 1. Compartment that did not have to try to eliminate guilt. Personal Information this yon sang smoking compartment is necessary, if not try to reason. Cigarettes are required in the outdoors. The ordinance, if fully carried out the smokers to smoke outdoors or in Fantasies. . . you can smoke in the bathroom, Gutty caf辿s that require modifications to make smoking so simple, so will I do not think the closure is thought to go to.
I from the Restaurant the tobacco am opposition about the people who blooms It says that even though the non-smoking and smoking when people does not understand It says even though smoking in restaurants, people smoking and two casual workers do not Even think smoking is a behavior. Smokers in smoke, but I think non-Smokers is position the smell is to let you know that it is suffering. Smoking is Free, but if the damage is, I think it's not free. It against smoking in the restaurant thinks its okay. In essence, the first time that secondhand smoke is formed and the elapsed time and distance Traveled by the nature and concentration is a mixture of dynamic change. Gaseous components of smoke Particles as the humidity changes and volatility changes its composition and size; indirect gaseous components of Smoke can be absorbed into the various material and concentration of particles deposited on various surfaces, Including the lungs and body, and diluted as in air Decreases. Because the dynamic nature of the specific quantitative Definition of secondhand smoke cannot make. Smoking only in designated areas must Smoking thinks. Restaurant in children, because the old person, Smoking is bad. Restaurant Is the Place rice spread smoke damage if people should not eat. Some smokers think twice at the restaurant, and people think their families would not want to smoke. I think only you know how to remain without citizenship wish. Smoking culture in Korea wants to develop a better way. Smoking in restaurants or biheupyeonjana all want to be able to make a delicious meal.
Smoking should be banned in restaurants. People know that smoking is bad. The poor cannot quit smoking though. But secondhand smoke is worse than smoking is. However, an increasing number of smokers are, The problem of smokers will increase in the number of students. Many of them women. Smoking is harmful to women the body In recent years, many patients with lung cancer in the number of children. In the first, surprised. But is the result of secondhand smoke. The damage will be a people. I know smoking is bad the public give the victim. Is a selfish thought. How to create a separate smoking in restaurants is. In recent years, two separate restaurants in the smoking occurred This is to reduce the damage. In the future, two separate hoping all the places smoking. Tobacco Smoke is more nervous and your body is a little edgy Absolute tension are not solved Is much mistaken? I have to change. Nowadays, there are electronic cigarettes The nice thing about electronic cigarettes does not decide the degree of damage and no smell. Above all, are not harmful to health By reducing Electronic Cigarette smokers wish. I hope all the success in smoking cessation
I agree about being non-smoking. Because smoking in restaurants, you will save money without the smell of cigarettes can eat rice. Or because other people do not eat rice, delicious. If smoking and health, learn to make money. Liking the lungs, smoking, and I hate cigarettes tobacco smoke, so I do not like it. I do not understand people smoking in the dining room. Their bodies are harmful cigarettes are to die early. Our family does not like to smoke. So I do not like cigarettes. We all do not like it. Ever since I was little, we have been smoking prevention education. Tobacco is harmful, so we know we should quit smoking and all of us. If you live long enough to quit smoking and his face skin getting better. And tobacco should not lose it. Smoking is Unsportsmanlike. Tobacco smoke, cold smoke in the dining room does not have to breathe. So, not smoked a cigarette in a restaurant. Must be an unconditional non-smoking restaurant. Non-smoking and live longer because of the good and the body better. I may keep my body is. I think this supports my thinking is absolutely right, thanks I love you so much.
Fortunately, during our family there is someone smokes. Usually the body is not good; people would think damjaereul blood, my thoughts also true. Smoking is smoked in person as well as increase the risk for lung cancer, Getting around is because of ill health to people. Another thing you smoked Smoking, because smoking will cause air pollution. Thoughts on the future of our descendants and Smoking seem useless. Smokes in the house is one of the most two children and wife of the house will be a tremendous harm. I do not know what the mind and body so wiheophada stable. Smoking prices, and also expensive. The prices that smoke right now that I broke it and my family think it's wise to invest. The family home is comfortable and helps each other will be a peaceful family. In addition, many happy and healthy family members to live while enjoying. But curiously, I think I want a cigarette and have never had pyeobogo. But I'm afraid you have a cough too museopwoseo Sheds health deterioration was abandoned. Many young people start to make me curious as to stop them geotinde. My parents help their kids have someone who can lead us to be good. So the children grow up properly, I think it should be a great man. Smoked Smoking moments that air pollution is a bad guy, the more should recognize. I walk away from my family in the future and will allow Smoking. Smoked Smoking, knowing the health risks jeokeurodo mentally it is wise to break.
I agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. All people can do to go to the restaurant, and All people do not smoking. So smoker is less than that. therefore, they can not smoking at all the restaurants. Such as, if one family visit to the restaurant. They are 4 members in the family: father, mother, one boy, and baby girl. And there are many smokers, so smokers are near the family. We can defend our health, happiness, and freedom. Maybe, young boy will learn smoking to smoker and baby will drink air with smoke from smoker. Young boy and baby can be your sun and daughter, It is very danger and make to get angry to you. Next, some countries use fire on the table, such as Korean soup, Japanese soup, and United Kingdom royal dessert. So, Today, In this food restaurants, we can see fire on the table. If you smoke in there space, your smoke fire is near gas. We know smoking near fire is very danger. I think if smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smoker will never smoke in restaurant, and then, all people in there place feel happy, make health, and get out from danger.
I think the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree this opinion. Many people smoke in our country. Smoking is really bad to people. I know the smoker cannot stop smoking. It is bad news for them. However, when they smoke at all the restaurants in the country the nonsmoker also get fog through the air. Although, the place is separated to parts one is for smoker another is for nonsmoker the fog flow through the air. It effects to nonsmoker. So the law should be made for nonsmoker. And then, it is also helpful to smokers. When they want to smoke if the smoking banned at all the restaurants in the country they should go out. It is uncomfortable. And if they work, it is really busy. They cannot make the time to smoke. Time goes by, they maybe stop smoking. Smoking is really bad for our body. If the people want to live healthy, stop smoking. It should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country and all the world.
A Smoking is bad for our health, so smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has been proven to cause all kinds of diseases such as cancer, heart diseases. Smoker risk other non-smokers by second-hand smoking as well as their own. Nicotine in tobacco products is extremely additive which makes it hard to quit smoking. Smoking damage to nonsmokers as well as smokers, so smoking should be banned at everywhere. Smoking has a harmful effect on our body ; a skin, organs and a spirit. First, smoking is harmful to a skin. A smoker's skin occurs earlier the aging process more than nonsmoker. Also, smoking makes a skin weak, so smoker recover slowly disease of the skin. Second, smoking is injurious to our organs. Smoking is typical cause of many disease and cancer. Scientifically, smoking is very harmful to our lung. Finally, smoking is hazardous to our spirit. Because smoking makes smoker depending on cigarette. As above, it is bad for the health to smoke. Therefore, smoking should be banned at everywhere. Also, I think government should raise cigarette fee so that smokers can't buy it.
﻿These days, all building inside is marked non-smoking. Also, toilet is non-smoking; you will smoke in the smoking room. Everyone knows, cigarette is bad effect in body. And I hate cigarette smoke. Thus, I agree to smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, cigarette includes bad things. Having naphthalene and many chemistry things. Thus, I am sure that harmful thing for smoker and non-smoker. But, cigarette has worst result in besides non-smoker. You should not to damage for other people. Therefore, you should do your action to responsibility Second, Smoking room is all building in isolation. All building has smoking room. Smoking room is only smoke in the room. For example, all coffee shops have smoking room or other restaurants or PC room have smoking room. So, it is right that you should smoke to smoking room. Finally, cigarette have thing in fire. The lights of cigarette are burn to all building. Actually, sometimes I saw to news content in the lights of cigarette is burn to wood or forest. I think deserved smoking is banned at all restaurants. And I think I banned to smoke at the bus station. Therefore, I agree to smoking is banned at buildings or restaurants.
I do not agree about smoking on campus Nonsmokers are more than smokers in campus So smokers damage to nonsmokers about health And because Smoking is bad for health, for their health, must quit smoking. For Mandy Soled, college and nicotine go hand in hand. A 20-year-old student at Indiana University of Pennsylvania, Soled never smoked in high school. She doesn't smoke much over the summers but as soon as a new semester starts, she is back to four or five cigarettes a day. What is it about college life that lures her to smoke? Stress? Peer pressure? Smoking is an addiction. Tobacco contains nicotine, a drug that is addictive. Once you start smoking, it is very hard, but not impossible to quit. Until recently, I think smoking on college campuses was largely ignored. Alcohol is such a major issue in college that smoking takes a back seat. In the last few years, however, smoking has become a hot topic. One of the reasons for this increased importance is the recognition that the college years are crucial in making or breaking an addiction. As a college student, I have seen firsthand the prevalence of smoking. All across our campus, college students are lighting up at an alarming rate. In a campus survey I conducted of 15 college students in February 2002, eight students said they were current smokers. I surveyed eight males and seven females. My survey included 18 questions revealing gender, age, class, familial history of smoking, frequency of smoking, desire to quit, methods used to quit, awareness of hazards, etc. I surveyed several of my classmates in class, a few sorority sisters in our suite, and random students at the HUB.
Many people smoke at the restaurant today. It is very unpleasant and I also hate this. If I see most people who smoke when I have a meal, I will very angry. I also agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. There are two things why I hate people who smoke at the restaurant. First, smoking is not good for health. As you know, many people know this truth and smoking affects other people as well as the smoker. Many non-smokers are suffering from secondhand smoke. Therefore, banning smoking from all restaurants is the only way we can prevent the dangerous things associated with smoking. Second, non-smokers cannot enjoy their meal at the restaurant because of smoker. When I was having my meal at the restaurant, I couldn't eat any more because of cigarette smoke. So, I stopped eating meal. As always, many non-smokers are suffering because of smoker. In conclusion, smoking is not good for human's health as you know and we should protect non-smokers by banning smoking from restaurants. It is very important thing and smokers should not bother the non-smokers also. So, smoking must be perfectly forbidden at all restaurants in the whole country.
In front of each building, so many people smoke cigarette. Some people said when they smoke cigarette; they feel free and can rest easily between work times. However, I think it's not a suitable way to prove their behaviors. No matter how they feel, it's really harmful way everybody including none smoking cigarette. So I want to insist that we should prohibit smoking cigarette with several reason. First, if someone smoke cigarette next to others, they couldn't avoid potential dangers. We always advice smoking people that their children, family could leave with potential harmful situation. their family could have lung cancer, and could get some disease in respiration organs. For own family, smoking people always think of smoking cigarette. Second, when someone smoke cigarette, they couldn't easily stop smoking because of addicting symptom. According to several researches, when smoking people stop smoking, they could shake their hand or get weight suddenly. Also, they think that they could do anything without smoking; however, their thought is perfectly wrong. If they continuously smoke cigarette, they would get mental and physical disease compared to none smoker. I totally agree that government make cigarette price higher in cigarette market. If it spontaneously make smoking people decrease, cigarette market have to get more tax and Fix price products higher.
Some people think that ban on smoking at all the restaurants is bad. But I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons why I think so: other people's health, bad smell and clear environment of restaurants. First of all, other people's health is very important. But, if some smoker smokes at food restaurants, other people's health can be bad. Especially, if there are pregnant women, the old and babies, it can be very harmful to them. Second, people get angry if they smell bad smoke. Cigarette's smells very bad and it can make people feel unpleased. The people have a right to breathe good smell at food restaurant. Third, if heavy smokers smoke at food restaurants, the restaurant's environment can be dirty. The tobacco smoke can go into the food and the remains of cigarette can go into the food. Also, the food restaurants' furniture will be dirty because of cigarette. So, because of the three reasons, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I think that restaurants should be excluded from the smoke. Cigarette type of Cigarettes Marlboro Mild Seven Parliament and bohemia Dunhill Essen and lilac rejoin ETC Cigarette consists of a lot of bad material will cause various cancers. Naphthylamine in cigarette smoke, nickel, benzene, vinyl crawl Ride, arsenic, cadmium, nicotine, tar, etc. is a bad material. The cigarette smoke in a restaurant when the non-smoker haul can be damaging. In particular, children and elderly people when the tobacco exposure can result in bad. That smokes too bad, but worse than secondhand smoke. E-cigarette can be also being one solution. E-cigarette tobacco is harmful, rather than the body. But the price is very good too expensive. After all smoking in the dining room should be absolutely. Need to quit smoking can get a good dining atmosphere and harm to others That means would be a good citizen. And if the puffing youths your body is not formed yet. Puffing in the situation when the body is very harmful in the future adult rule. Made the big problem is the body. I should quit smoking. Lotto in Korea is the best baseball team. Lotto lives forever. Lotto wins. Lotto does not create the smoke.
Cigarette is hazard material in the world to use peoples. Composition of cigarette is organized by filter and manufactured tobacco. When they smoking, many hazard material is appeared in the smoke. But the Filter gets rid of toxic material and it gives smokers to less taxable smoke. Appeared toxic materials have lots of kind. For example, Nicotine, Tar, CO, etc. they are critical damage for human body. Especially Lung is damaged by smoke. If human smoke cigarette, the smoke get into the Lung and it is causing Disease which is cancer. But this danger is appeared more nonsmokers than smokers. Because, nonsmokers will drink toxic materials without Filter. For this reason. Smoking is bad effect for non smokers. Many people who divide into nonsmokers or smokers are gathered in restaurants and public places in the country. At the restricted place, nonsmokers will drink toxic material what they does not wish. So, action of smoking in the restaurant or public places is bad effect for nonsmokers. They exposed more death rate than smokers for passive smoking. In conclusion. For this danger effect, Smoking what damage to our health is restricted for health life of nonsmokers at the restaurants and public places.
Think that is a cigarette that will not get her started, because non-smokers and smokers in an enclosed space, but if the non-smokers, smokers, cigarette haul, because the damage to their opposite. When smokers smoke cigarettes to non-smokers through the smoke and odor nuisance and in some ways a sense, because the damage will have to quit smoking. Some smokers want to smoke inside the restaurant out, because if you do not smoke cigarettes are important. People who smoke in the restaurant that gives everyone more harm to smokers who smoke go to the smoking area is preferred. I smoke cigarettes, but in non-smokers do not want to give up the damage. In collaboration with several people inside to use the public facilities are going to have to quit the Do not give harm too unconditionally. . Some smokers want to smoke inside the restaurant out, because if you do not smoke cigarettes are important. People who smoke in the restaurant that gives everyone more harm to smokers who smoke go to the smoking area is preferred. I smoke cigarettes, but in non-smokers do not want to give up the damage. Let's all smokers smoking in public facilities and, Let non-smoking restaurant in the Restaurant
I think we should ban in public places completely. Because cigarette is harmful to the body. The reason is that the diseases related to the smoking can be prevented and fire hazards can be reduced. Above all, making a rule that restricts smoking in a public area plays an important role in preventing smoking-related diseases. This is because there are enormous kinds of carcinogens in the smoke of the cigarettes. The smokes full of harmful components that can cause a cancer, asthma, or other fatal diseases can affect not only the smokers themselves but also non-smokers around them. Thus by banning smoking in public places can reduce those risk of getting smoke-related diseases. Moreover, preventing smoking in public areas can contribute to decreasing dangers of the fire. The cigarette butts that are thrown away without being fully extinguished can cause irreversible disaster like the mountain fire. Lf you don't smoke, many helpful points. If people are smoking in designated a non-smoking area to try and get a little smoke damage will be reduced by the recipient. I have to everyone in the world for their families for health for all people is; I hope it does not hurt. Also lawyer should get a strong law for non-smoking.
I don't support smoking in the restaurant. The biggest reason is that it is harmful for our health. It cause a lot of diseases such as lung, throat, and mouth cancers, premature births, sterility and early menopause, and it makes one look older. Scientific studies show that addicted smokers skin will be grey color, thick, and wrinkled. In addition, the smokers can also harm the health of the other non-smokers with their cigarette smoke. Although a person who likes smoking, other people won't not want to breathe the smoke, and get second-hand smoke diseases. In the restaurant, people are eating something. During are eating, it is easy to breathe by second-hand smoke. In this case, second-hand smoke will be more than normal situation. Therefore, nowadays many country tried to make a law that smoking in the restaurant is illegal. By prohibiting smoking in a like restaurant, we may be saving the lives of hundreds of people, including your own as well as yours family. If a survey was taken asking people how often they deliberately put the lives of their friends and family at risk, it's a pretty safe bet that most people would say never. However they may be forced to reconsider their.
I do not agree to smoke. Smoking is a harmful for our health. In addition, people who smoke to people around the damage. Smoking in public places, especially those doing is not very good. We all should be non-smoking. My friends smoke. However, even have a bad view Harmful to the skin. And for women to get pregnancy, a lot of trouble. Nowadays, even a cigarette box, it says can be harmful to your health. But people should ignore it. To solve this problem, the first campaign in the country. For example illustrates the case of smoking patients. The second risk is notified. Cigarette box larger text should be written. Third the price increase should be. The more expensive will reduce tobacco consumption. And these days there is a problem of youth smoking. Monitoring and management in schools should be more thorough. Before smoking causes to prevention is more important than pre- Think about the future and should be replaced as soon as the smoker Diseases caused by smoking of others think it is doing should not be My work may come. Vigilance is always thinking Preventive action in advance, and let Let's find you forget your health as smoking
I'm smoker, but I think a Smoke in a restaurant that is very bad behavior My opinion is an on Smoking in restaurants should be banned You smoke a bad effect on the human body to know about acting is that? That is a Cigarette smoking approximately 4, 000 species of toxic chemical ingredients in cigarettes are inhaled into the body Therefore, smoking's bad for Health. And densely populated places such as restaurants, especially when with the other people, smoke the Cigarette is a very bad behavior. Because Damage to other people when I was smoking. There are two reasons why I think forbid smoking in the restaurants. First, someone was smoked in the restaurant and then anybody eat something this place, Cigarette Smoke inhaled into the body very fast. It's a seem to be a hurt on your body that can be not cured Second, Smoking the Cigarette make a dirty place. The Cigarette make Ash, dirty air and sometime bring the Fire when was Smoked Cigarette. It is badly thing in the restaurants, because Cleanliness is vital for a restaurant. In conclusion, it is a very harmful to health, dirty a restaurant and damage to other people. For that reason, I think that smoking in the restaurants has a banned by government
Even though some people don't worry about smoking at a public place at all, I think smoking should be absolutely banned at a public place. The biggest reason is that lots of smokers would better stop to smoke at a public place because cigarette smoke causes displeasure for someone at restaurants or other place. Even for me, when I went to school to take a class, I was not very feel good due to smoker's cigarette smoke in daejeon university campus. Besides, I believe smoking is harmful for people who smoke and don't smoke. According to a research, cigarette is not good for people health. We know this fact very well, however many smokers don't stop to smoke on their own. Finally, I personally hope a lot of smokers don't stop to smoke as soon as possible. Moreover, smoking rates increase more and more. Therefore, smoking is quite serious problem in modern society. Also, a lot of smokers don't stop to smoke due to cigarette's toxic. In my opinion, I wish many smokers don't smoke somewhere. I think cigarette is not welcome by nonsmokers somewhere. For these reasons, I believe that it is should be banned to smoke at restaurants.
what do you think about smoking bans? It is quite long time since Korea banned smoking in public. However, there is still some concerned about smoking bans, because some smokers insist that smoking bans are devise and a source of aggravation and friction. But, I strongly suggest that we should ban the smoking in restaurant completely, Smoking bans in restaurant is right of nonsmokers. By this time, unless nonsmokers clearly don't smoke cigarette, they suffered from blowing smoke from smoker's cigarette. There is no more need to speak of harms of passive smoking. It is obvious that until now smoker don't care about nonsmokers' health and feeling. However, it is time to be aware of nonsmokers' right. Moreover, it is insanitary that smoking is restaurant. Let's imagine that all smoker smoke cigarette in restaurant. The restaurant will be filled with thick cigarette smoke and the food reek dreadfully of tobacco instead of smelling nice. The worst thing is cigarette ash in your dishes! Smoking in restaurant is really insanitary, so we must ban the smoking. Smoking in restaurant should ban, because we guarantee nonsmokers' right and it is sanitary. For other person's right and sanitary condition, smokers should try to take care of smoking in public. So we should make both smoker and nonsmoker can satisfy with their living environment.
I really agree about this topic. Tobacco is really not an absolute point of the beneficial. Tobacco destroys all of things in the world. For example, health, animals, mind, flowers, water, air, etc. Tobacco is only the legitimate drug. The drug is prohibited. It should not be recommended. It should be banned from restaurants and all places. Non-smoking in the restaurants is etiquette. Smokers must unconditionally smoke out of place. Smokers are very annoying. They have no sense of responsibility. Smokers should be considerate non-smokers. Smokers should be ashamed. Smokers in the restaurants should be punished. It is very harmful to smoking people. Its smoke remains a long distance spread in the air. Also its smoke will offend the other person. It will harm other people indirectly. People have a right to drink clean air. Smoking people in the restaurants is selfish. The unpleasant smell of tobacco smoke is banned in the restaurants. The restaurant should be clean. But tobacco is very not clean. It is very dirty. The restaurant is where to eat rice. Harmful smoke, do not people go to restaurant to eat. There are a lot of people at restaurant. Regardless of non-smoke people's will, very harmful tobacco smoke, drinking is very unreasonable. And it is very harmful to children and pregnancy and patient. The government should prohibit smoking in restaurants. Therefore, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 225 I strongly agree with it. I am a social smoker. So I can understand both sides but I think Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The day before yesterday I went to pub. The place is allowed to smoke. Some people smoke and some people don't smoke but they mingle all together in it. When I was there I felt quit uncomfortable and irritated because of smoking. Even though I am a social smoker I cannot stand with smoke because the place is difficult to be airy. So the smoke cannot come and go easily that is the biggest reason why we should ban smoke at all the restaurants. The other reason is we should think about nonsmokers. People do not smoke because it is bad for health and that is not suitable for them physically or whatever. So they do not smoke. When we smoke, people breathe and the smoke goes into their body and it is a major cause of cancer. In fact, second hand smokers can have more cancer than smokers. The rate of having cancer is higher than smokers. Nonsmokers are naturally open to get a cancer without their will. That is unfair. Smokers should care about nonsmokers because we are live together.
I do not think negatively about smoking. Modern people are getting a lot of stress lately. Prohibited from smoking tons of people are allowed to reduce stress. However, in public places where children such as restaurants and hope not to smoke. Cigarette smoking alone is fine, but other people adversely affected by unwanted tobacco smoke should not think. I'm human and do not smoke cigarettes do not think I was wrong. But these days the trend is increasing, many women are smokers. These days, when you get down the street smoking a lot of women can be seen. Just like old times to smoke in secret, but nowadays women are not ashamed. Such features may even surprise you sometimes. I see a woman smoking is still an unfamiliar sight. Smoking is bad for women are affecting the baby. Most of the problems caused by this smoking are health. Many people would have some health problems for staying long in the public areas. Many people would fee unpleasant and don't want to come back to public areas. The public areas are for all people, not only for smokers. By prohibiting smoking in public areas, we can have lots of bents. Therefore, it is likely to create the correct smoking culture.
I think Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is hazardous for human's life. But some of smokers are smoking in restaurant and damage for non smokers Usually outside of building or restaurant, smoking is not much uncomfortable for other people. But in the restaurant, smoking is very uncomfortable for non smokers. That's because of the cigarette smoke and ash. These are poisonous for people And non smoker's appetite will be decreases. Of this reason some restaurant made a smoking area and smoking only inside Smoking area and people smoking in that area Smoking area is intended for minimize damage for non smokers. It is made by glass and split two spares in restaurant. But smoking area can't proof all of non smokers. Cigarette smoke and ash is poisonous for people. Even smokers are smoke in smoking area. Cigarette smoke and ash are Not perfectly proofed for non smokers. The non smokers are forced to smoke because of these reasons Smoking area will be phase out and smokers must be smoking outside of restaurant But best way of restaurant smoke is quit the smoke. It is good for health and other peoples. Quit the smoke
I agree this statement. Smoking is potential killing. All adult is not smoke. Restaurant is all people are going to spot. Of course, smoking area is existed. But that is banned all smoke. Indirect smoking is smoking. Smell influences to people. Child is too short, adult is without think blow cigar smoke is bad influence. All restaurants are no measures to don't smoker. But restaurants are opposite this statement. That's why sales are fall. But restaurants think that positive efficient. Opposite smoking are many family customers and woman customers. Many people is agreement this statement. Going to eat out, smoke is come to the table; children think awful smell and block the nose. Cigar is favorite food not drug. But public place is banned. That is thinking others. Restaurant is eating a food, not smoke. Not endure smoke, going to the home. Of course you are alone. Some people are smoke confidence. That is wrong idea. Restaurant owner is think that one people smoke is influences all people in the restaurant. Right now employee is suffered from smoke. Employee is suffered from disease finally damage is returning the owner. Most important thing is reduce fire risk. Not smoking in the restaurant is nice and fresh place.
There are many harm material in cigarette. In the world people smoke every day. Even we cannot find non-smokers. Almost people cannot quit the smoking because there is nicotine. It has very powerful addition. If this thing is piled in our blood way we cannot control the smoking. We need more cigarettes in a day. My family doesn't smoke but other people who I know are smoking 2 packs in a day. I think it's crazy. In addition now men smoker are recreation but women smoker increase. When I walk on the street I often see that girls smoke. They looks like not adult. How they can get a cigarette and why they smoke. I know one day they will regret their smoking or realize the smoking is very harm four their body. Actually when I was student some of my friends were smoke in the toilet or parking lot. They recommended a cigarette to try. I tired but it taste was so terrible. I asked why you guys smoke do. They said just we couldn't quit our smoking and got a stress. If in my future I get lots of tough situation I will never smoke. In conclusion there is only harm things in the cigarette also smoking don't help to get rid of our stress or bad situation.
I had never smoked. So I understand why people do not get more difficult to quit smoking. My dad had to smoke. Father of the family was the only smokers. So our family, my dad was a complaint about smoking. I'm hoping to hang up my dad smoking a cigarette made posters. And he said success in quitting. He would quit smoking said my appetite was better. Originally, my dad was not like a fruit. However, would you quit smoking and ate fruit. And also improved cardiovascular endurance. Now the movement is even harder. Smoking causes lung cancer and other diseases. And my family, my neighbors are still sick. I'm just glad my dad thinks that breaking a cigarette. And my future husband and his family hope I did not even smokers. Even the smokers smoking if I summoned him smoking like they also end to end. Adults and children, exemplifies the dangers of smoking students telling a lot of training I wonder if you are dropping low enough for smoking. In fact, even now, the number of available non-smoking education is too low. Therefore, further increasing the number of training if a lot of anti-smoking campaign to reduce smoking rates should help to.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And I want that public places as well as restaurants should be completely banned. There is the reason that I agree this sentence. First, Not All people smoke cigarette in the restaurants. There are people who hate cigarette smoke. I don't like cigarette smoke and many people don't like it. Cigarette smoke makes people unhappy. Second, the people who smoke cigarette throw their cigarette any place after smoking. So many places are messy and dirty. Many people are living in the world. And many people walk the roads. So I want to see the clean road. Third, if a person smoke cigarette, he (or she) have a chance of cancer highly. And we showed and heard in TV or newspaper and so on that many people are dying every year. Every person in the world knows this fact. Nevertheless, they smoked cigarette ago, are smoking cigarette now, will smoke cigarette in the future. I don't understand why many people smoke cigarette. If a person who smokes cigarette wants long life, stop smoking cigarette. If you stop smoking, your friend and family are happy. And many people make clean roads.
Smoking in public place I can admit! I think smoking in public place or restaurant can admit in no harmful other people category. Many people are very selfish. But smokers also can be selfish. If they burn their cigar in restaurant or public space, many people feel pain. But I think if they burn their cigar outside, it could admit. I want to protect smoker's right. Because they always ate many harmful biochemistry essential. I am not a smoker. I cannot understand smoker's heart why they burn cigar. However I try to understand their heart and protect them. I often felt very screwed up when I ate some delicious food and when I ate food. One smoker's smoke out in the area and I smelled that when I felt that is awful smell. I fought those smokers. Cannot see I ate food? You are very impolite person. I talked to him very fluently. So he said I am so sorry so I forgive him. That was very not good experience. But I can forgive him because I am big man. In the world, many people exist. I want to understand each other and forgive each other. So the world will be peaceful
In my opinion, smoking in the restaurants has to prohibit for non-smoking people. I think smokers have to think for other people. Although, seats separate smoking area and non-smoking area in restaurant, smoke can't intercept perfectly. There are two reasons why I think forbid smoking in the restaurants. First, smoke is very bad to people. In restaurant, there are not only smokers. There are babies, children, old people and non-smokers. For them, smokers don't permit smoking in the restaurants. That is the first reason smoking prohibit in the restaurants. Second, it is not good for reasons of sanitation. Some smokers spit on the floor and flick the ashes off a cigarette. Smell is disgusting. I think some smokers don't like smell also. That is the second reason smoking forbid in the restaurants. In conclusion, I think smoking in the restaurants has to prohibit for other people and it is bad for reasons of sanitation. In addition, smoking in the restaurant is banned legally. Many people don't know about that. For all of us, smoking in the restaurant has to prevent more strongly. Smokers have to care him or herself because smoking is so bad for health. That's why I think smoking have to forbid for us.
Agree In recent years, we often hear the word around is global etiquette. With the development of various communication and transportation barriers between countries be pulled down, and unify the world today, international awareness and to have been than what you think is necessary. If so, internationalized civil, that is, to become a global citizen must bring essential elements, what is really a global etiquette? Era of global village, we did not want it to or between you and the mix of people around the world, and to exchange cultural and business area is live. The world is likely to be one of the large villages. The global era to live on their most important and have to live with basically polite. That corresponds to the global etiquette, manners, is a global manner One of them is in a restaurant smoking manners. Their own health as well as smoking, being around bad influences to people. Smoking is a personal freedom. But give pain to others. Because some people are innocent people may die. If you create a non-smoking areas, a restaurant atmosphere is much better. If banning smoking in restaurants people will love. Thus, smoking in dining areas should be closed. Thanks
I am in favor of smoking in restaurants is a. First place like a restaurant with a family may also have children, because the top This is because pregnant women can come. Someone smokes more than the second-hand smoke on health is poor, those who do not smoke because it felt uncomfortable because harmful for health. And even though a separate smoking area to open and close the door while because the smell might come out of separate areas for smoking kneeling opposite. Smoking in public places and conduct a bison four days and days in PSA is more propaganda. And I do smoke with my friends father did not want to smell cigarette smoke, smoke gets in your eyes, feel the discomfort of tears because of vomit. And the clothes and hair smell of cigarettes in the exhaust smell of smoke met someone else who will hear your father's house can be misleading and offensive to those people who can throw it. A large number of people smoking, and smokes as much as where someone smokes clears, it also increases the opportunity to quit smoking can be me. For at least in my opinion, that's it. I want to thank you for comment. Or more.
I absolutely agree that Smoking should be completely banned at all the food restaurants in the country. Because restaurant always must be clean. When I was young, I went to Gal-bi restaurant with my family. My father and my brother, of course, smoke, but him never smoking at restaurant. So I always ate food at restaurant. But, that day a man was smoking at restaurant!! In restaurant! I was eating Gal-bi, I caught because his smoking. I really loved Gal-bi but the smoking smell made me angry. So I had no appetite. I keep engaging him but he didn't know that what he faulted. These days, almost restaurant regard cleanliness. Even coffee shops. But a few restaurants in far country didn't regard cleanliness. I feel a little dusty and uncomfortable. Because I came my childhood's nightmare. I really want they stop smoking. I want to live cleaner world. I want to eat cleaner restaurant. Smoking is so scare disease like a drug. Smoking offers lung cancer and laryngitis and many various bad diseases. The lung cancer leads to the death. Didn't be a clean world? The world and all restaurants must be clean! So smoker try to quire the smoking now.
It is often said that banning smoking the inside is completely becoming a general alternative in country. Restaurants ban smoking within the building. So many smokers must not smoke. If smokers want to smoke, they must be moved smoking-room or the outside. This prohibition can be indispensible for many reasons. First of all, Smoking in restaurant disturbs a meal time. Smoking has a bad influence on children, expectant mother and so on. So I am in favor of banning inside the building. Specially As the inside is site which many people have a meal, smoking disturbs their meal time. Breathing other people's smoke cause cough violently. It is pertinent for children to ban smoking the inside. Furthermore, Smoking can make people sick. Particularly passive smoking is big health hazard. According to expert, being around passive smoke increases people risk of emphysema. Unfortunately, Non-smokers who are exposed to second-hand smoke is more dangerous than smokers. And smoking survey report indicates children are easily vulnerable to secondhand smoke. So smokers always consider other's health. Especially, in restaurants, as there are many foods, bad smoke air contaminates much food. Restaurants need to maintain good environment. And many people dislike smoke air. In conclusion, banning smoking is completely indispensible in restaurants. Because Smoking in restaurants is bad effect on many people such as children, expectant, and passive smoking is very risk.
I'm one of the none-smoking people and sometimes I am angry with a insensible deed that those who have smoked lots of days is biting a cigarette around a lot of people in the place like bus station, restaurant, what else. While rather my mine likes this, how about our whole nation thinking of smoking in the public place? I guess it is not different. How think about in the Restaurant, as presenting essay topic to me. Nothing of speaking of, the extensive people object to smoking in the restaurant no matter who they do. But it is definitely needed to change our mine. All of the people obtain The Liberty, which during the many decades we have sought, and finally have reached with over much blood, war, sacrifice, effort, heavy pain and burden or so. In other words, the smokers is having the right that they can definitely smoke everywhere they want and no matter who someone are dare not interfere with. Existing like this situation, The Restaurant is classified as Possible-smoke-place and None-smoke-place. Therefore, just select your taste about the place to meal with. That's why I can't feel like needing the ban of smoking in the restaurant.
Smoking is bad at body and it can happen cancer after. Smoking in a restaurant or a road can be suffered damage to other people. Then, Smoking is banned in public places and the restaurant must make smoking seats. Smoking does not care alone. But if smoking someone give damages to other people, it is wrong. I think smoking is a preference. But I think giving up smoking is very good for one's self and other people. If someone can't give up smoking, he (or she) must not give damage to around people. And I think that reason to do not giving up smoking fall into hypnosis. For example, they have smoking, and then they study or concentrate better before they have not smoking. And I think they are cured mental treatment than we say them simply "You must give up smoking because it is bad at body". However everyone who smokes doesn't fall into hypnosis. So Except for this people who fall into hypnosis, we must respect people who smoke in 21st century. To do so, we should extend smoking areas. And people who smoke must not give damage someone who does not smoke. Because of this reason, I allow smoking if people who smoke do not give damage to other people
For one smokes in our bodies, therefore smoking is harmful to very many cancers, including lung cancer, oral cancer is the cause of the disease and tobacco contains nicotine is addictive substances is lost if you smoke, therefore it is very difficult. And cigarettes are not alone, actually second-hand smoke damage to the people who do not smoke, even the relationship with the people around you, even worse damage weasel doe euro conclusion that you quit term view is the most good. Other countries including the United States and also in tobacco smoke-free policy has already impressed on the power to write and dambaegap smokers and non-smoking areas by specifying the maximum are also trying to reduce smoking, such as smoking free clinic to help create programs smokers stopping smoking can give considerable help to. If a society's help to quit smoking are important, but the most important thing is the will of its own, no matter how honest help to break up a cigarette in your own agency's safe if the end is not worth it to be twelve. Thus, tobacco withdrawal symptoms and anxiety that it should break away and take away a little slow to break, so this probably think its Quitting smoking is the best solution
I am opposed to smoking in restaurants. Smoking in restaurants, as well as unclear People who do not smoke will harm. Smoking in restaurants and eat food can also spoil mood. Because cigarette smoke can eat food, do not. Those who wish to smoke in a restaurant by creating another place. 'Cause if I should think. When you create a place for smokers People who want to smoke and smoke to think that The idea of people thinks that balances: Those who wish to smoke They went outside and those who do not smoke or smoke damage Do not think that. In the case of the UK restaurant Tobacco smoke is fines. Of our country like this Established a legal system that you think should be sanctioned. In a closed space such as a restaurant for health Smoking Others will harm anyone. I have to smoke in a restaurant Is the opposite. Outer space, which is like smoking in restaurants Do not understand. Not to smoke in a restaurant I want to recommend. Created position of smokers in restaurants hope. In casual restaurants and pubs lit a cigarette case, as well as their sales week because it can harm anyone. White Sea smoke is futile now to place a cigarette seems to be getting lost.
Nowadays many college students is becoming a smoker As well as students from elementary school are smoking When you're younger you start smoking, of course, are bad for health from lung cancer or other diseases do not leave I smell cigarettes someone smokes do not want to even know someone who does more oil is not very good for a second-hand smoke Smokes in the street and people are more Tag at the end of an adult defendant sat spitting tobacco is getting a lot of polite behavior that Korea is a country of ancient Confucian Protection of adults. Women smokers are also becoming more if a woman smoking a lot of side effects of women with disabilities increases, heupyeonryul, hunger increases the probability of the birth of Sasandoel heritage and the probability is increasing. Low fertility country, the Republic of Korea has accused the women said tobacco. Healthy men and women want to have a child with a very low probability that the sperm and the egg will meet you pregnant. Therefore, the conclusion is not healthy to smoke blooms are more likely children will be born, I already told you more about secondhand smoke secondhand smoke say it is more dangerous than direct smoke. L. Smoking is directly engulfed by the mouth through the filter a lot of harmful substances is filtered. However, smoking a cigarette smoke directly adjacent to enter into people's lungs yeomen 2000 are all kinds of hazardous substances that bad of a person's body will be going into.
In Public place have a smoking is disagree. Have a smoking is will of personal. Simultaneously is activity to people giving the damage? In public place have a smoking is forbidden but many people are smoking a cigarette irrelative to place. Even though many smokers are knitting the brows when only smell a cigarette, Smokers honorably smoke a cigarette in place is many people. The first reason don't smoking is in public place smoking to children, youth give big damage. Simultaneously gain very bad view. Nowadays before being an old adult, students learn in the elementary school, middle school. In the school a teacher state easily not sanction. When being like this increasingly smokers are overflow. The second reason that nonsmokers are displeasure a cigarette smell exceedingly. Direct smoking is bad well 10 double degree of indirect smoking. Direct smoking is in filter bad materials once filter, but indirect drinks bad materials as it is. The last reason is because smoking remains bitter taste in the mouth, often spit, with this in sanitation problem happens. In the outside smoking scented the smell when there are together in stopped place. Having a smoking is remarkably worst to me, you, and everybody.
I think cigarettes are bad in the body. But I am smoking. I tried everything trying to stop smoking failed. Difficult and painful, when i want a cigarette. It became a habit. I can stop for a while there should be a cigarette. I know now i can stop the tobacco that it is not. When the trial period is rather more smoking. When it became the first smoking were 20 years old. I regret that time. If I do not smoke then I would not have a cigarette is not. Give up smoking during the supposed decline of the difficult, but it is not difficult at first. Those who do not smoke I do not want to recommend. Because Cigarettes do not help anything. Also need to stop smoking is because of the money disappears. And most importantly, your body is not good. Of people who smoke and cause other people to see the damage can be. This situation will be bled. People who do not smoke are harmful to having a bad action. I've been smoking four years, but I'm trying to quit smoking. To stop smoking, my body healthy and I save the money. I'll try to do so.
I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking becomes a serious social problem these days. There are so many smoker in our community not only teenagers but also women. They usually smoke everywhere include bar, pub, cafe or PC room and so on. They go as far as to smoke in public area like restaurant. Restaurant is the place where people eat some food and get nutrients from dishes. There are many children and other people in that place. If smoker smoke in restaurant, it can arouse disease on the people around him or her. Second-hand smoke can cause life-threatening diseases such as lung cancer. There are some new study which showed that second-hand smoke can cause lung cancer to non-smokers, and it also can cause premature death to child and adult. Because of carelessness many people can be damaged their health. For making our safe and healthful community, we have to completely ban at all public area like restaurants in all society. If someone who smoke in public area, we have to condemn him to pay a fine or get a impose penalty points. We have to protect our neighbors from second-hand smoke.
Smoking in restaurants should be banned, of course thinks. Because I didn't smoking and bodies are worse if neither smoke, nor have an impact on food to go around because of smoking ash, and people are very unpleasant. In addition, there are many children in restaurants. Cigarette smoke is deadly to children. Do not smoke in public places. In the restaurant is even more careful thought. Of course, Smoker will uncomfortable. But I hope to smokers who smoke in their designated places. Of course there are people who cannot do it banned. I'm sorry for them, should be banned smoking in restaurants. Instead of banning, smoking area in the country seems to be nice to make a lot. If so, that would reduce smoking in public places. Non-smoking areas in restaurants, but sometimes people are smoking. Such people are reported to pay the fines. Other countries are a lot of people smoking in the restaurant. Fortunately, our country has banned smoking almost the restaurant. It is basic manners, and smokers will not smoke in the restaurant. And around people, especially for young children to think that smoking should be banned. For this reason, smoking is completely banned in all restaurants in the country, I agree.
Smoking is not healthy. But it is personal hope. We can't stop person's smoking. But it is bad to smoking in street. My father and older brother are smoking too. I want to stop it. But they don't stop. If my husband is smoking, I will stop it absolutely. Now, teenager's smoking is hot issue. We can't stop person's smoking. But teenager's smoking is wrong. Teenagers are growing up. If teenagers are smoking, it is intercept to teenager's growing up. I think when sales cigarette, we need to check age strongly. Cigarette can't sales for teenagers in low. But many owner sales cigarette for teenagers. Police officer is check this strongly. And none smoke person are dislike stand by smoking person. Because they know it is not healthy. Smoking person must can smoke smoking room. But they don't do that. Many people smoke outside. None smoking people are dislike this. But Century has not especially low about this. I think it is necessary take a low about smoking. I hope to try none smoking for smoking people. But I know it is so hard. Therefore I hope people don't start smoking. Smoking is not good in everything. We should make many people not smoking world.
Smoking is a matter of personal choice. But smoking in public place is should be prohibited. Nowadays there are many efforts for nonsmoker. For example, almost building separate smoking and nonsmoking areas. Street is also public place. So I think that smoking on the street also should be banned by law. Because it caused damage to passing people. People who don't smoke expose to secondhand smoke. Secondhand smoking is nonsmoker inhale smoke form other's cigarette smoke. It is a big health hazard. Being around secondhand smoke increases your risk of cancer. And don't expose children to secondhand smoke. They are weaker than adult. They catch a respiratory disease and retard lung development. Smokers should pay more attention to children. Smoking is hazardous to your health. Cigarette has pernicious ingredients like nicotine, naphthalene and tar and so on. It can cause many diseases like lung cancer, liver cancer, stomach cancer and laryngeal cancer. It also makes your teeth off-white. You should know cigarette's dangerousness and keep away from you since early years. If you are poisoned with it, it's difficult to quitting smoking. Cigarette is dangerous all person so you shouldn't do not to smoke. If you smoke, try to quit it.
I strongly agree with non smoking in the restaurants. Many people find the restaurant customers are in danger of secondhand smoke. The profits are very varies in the restaurant that non smoking. Instead of losing one smoker, you are newly got two non skmoker. Non-smokers to smoke after a meal or simply do not happen to need a coffee refill. Reservation business of customers and seat contrariety works etc. . are simple. You raise turnover of customers, and you let you shorten greatly atmosphere time of customers in peak time. Diminishes the risk of fire in a restaurant, it reduces the burden of the risk of fire insurance premiums. The carpet or floor of the restaurant by the burn marks tables, etc. . does not drop cigarette ashes. Cleaning of the employees and the employer's burden is reduced cleaning costs. A curtain, a wall, a floor, washing of households etc. or replacement cost decrease. Reduces the employee's sick leave, productivity increases. The ability to prefer a more pleasant working environment for staff to get the employee also has the advantage of being easier. Customers and employees, reducing the burden of responsibility for health. Customers in a pleasant environment for meals and eat more than happy to be enjoyed.
Smoking in restaurants on the feedback I have dawned must feel good about yourself is the opposite. I am a good person by nature but is a smoker. So, public places like restaurants do not smoke, not the other way around. Because I am not a smoker but is anyone else. Hates the smell of cigarettes is biheupyeonjaneun. Children in the restaurant again because that makes more. Children are still growing deoldoeeotgittaemune more harmful cigarettes. One smoke in the restaurant again is not an absolute courtesy. No matter how the defendant, even if you want a cigarette to go out there and also there's one essential. I want the defendant tobacco smoke, smoking in restaurants in the interests of Naha and the other because a lot of people would see the damage. I have the concept is very selfish because: The restaurant is one of the foods makes it very sacred. Therefore, its fine for food and the exhaust smells like cigarettes is able to tolerate the cigarette smoke; exhaust the food is very bad for you. Falling quality of taste has worsened mood becomes very unpleasant. I do this for two weeks because I need to quit unconditionally agree to the dining room is in!
Smoking in public space should be ban! I was a smoker. I know smoking in the restaurant. But I never see that burn cigar in the restaurant or public place. If really they do in restaurant that was very rude behavior. I never burn cigar in public space or restaurant. It was social knowledge. I taught like this. I want to ban burning cigar in the restaurant. When burn cigar, cigar makes many things. For example, not good smell and many biochemistry essentials. That make lung cancel or skin trouble. None smoker smelled smoke, so I think that smoking must ban in the restaurant or public space. In this way, public space or restaurant many children come to eat or enjoy their time with their parents. Smoke is violence to young children. Maybe some trouble grows up and makes skin trouble. For instance atopic trouble. What a terrible situation or disease. As you can see like this situation, Smoking smell or ash is very harmful especially to young children or people. I want to hope to smoker please do not use cigar in the public space or restaurant. When you burn your cigar, you make harmful biochemistry essential or violence disease. Please remember that fact.
Nowadays people who are addicted to smoking are losing ground. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. A warning of the danger of smoking is printed on every pack of cigarettes. But Still Many people smoke cigarettes. Why the people smoke cigarettes more and more. Because Cigarettes has a nicotine. Nicotine is highly addictive. Smoking is harmful [injurious] to your health. And don't expose children to secondhand smoke. Because Children has no level of immunity. Also Smoking can increase the risk of developing heart disease. Many American cities and several states have restricted smoking in private and public places. So Korea's government emulates America's policy. Cigarette smoking is responsible for about 90% of deaths from lung cancer. Smoking can seriously damage your health. These days it's tough being a smoker. Because a smoking area is going down more and more. Smoking may reduce blood flow to the discs and cause them to degenerate. Smoking is bad for your health. So Nowadays The number of smokers is on the decrease. But Adults raise their eyebrows at the idea of students' smoking. Smokers often have raised blood pressure. Health is a national power. So I disagree students' smoking. As a result Smokers have higher chance of getting lung cancer than nonsmokers. You can quite Smoke.
Smoking is free in every country. And cigarette is a favorite food like coffee. But I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurant is selling a food. Food must be clean. But smoking has a lot of toxic substance. So non-smoker has damage. For example, non-smoker (women) can lead to birth defects. And the smell of cigarettes is disgusting. Many non-smokers have defects. If they want smoking they smoke in some place. They don't give damage for non-smoker. So, we need to completely ban at all the restaurants in the country. Everywhere we can smoke, many youth will smoke. Because they can see smoking. So we need to smoking place. Smoking has a lung cancer. The smell of cigarette, too. I am non-smoker. When I walk at road, many people smoking. I feel disgusted. Smoke person doesn't feel smoking smell. So, I think smoking place is very useful place. And we will healthy. And air will be clean. So, we need to completely ban at all the restaurants in the country. And I want that the government should raise cigarette prices. But it is best choice that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I am a smoker. When I was nine teen years old, I took tobacco from my father's pants. That time, I just felt curiosity about tobacco. So I smoke heavily from then on. I got caught smoking in the restroom by my mother. My mother was very surprised. She told me "quit smoking" but I couldn't control my patience. So I became a smoker. I tried to smoke myself into composure. Smoking is very bad for body and nonsmoker. Although I know this fact, I smoke without a break. When I was 21years old, I could stop smoking because I entered the army. Just 30 days, I couldn't buy tobacco, so I could cut smoking forcibly. That time, a few days after giving up smoking, I started to suffer from withdrawal symptoms. But 30 days after, I went to furlough, I started smoking again. For this reason, I couldn't control myself. I think my patience is very poor. Above all things, if you cut the smoking, you need to learn to be more patient. Lacking in patience people never succeed in quit smoking. Here are some method raise your patients. First, eat candy instead of smoking time. Second, when do you feel withdrawal symptoms, let's do exercise!! These are so subjective. But many of people that use this method when they feel withdrawal symptoms. Do your best for stopping smoke. I hope that you feel better soon.
I am the smoker. Therefore, recently I was many worried about the implemented antismoking policy stops. For example, as to the nonsmoking section and no smoking building setting, there is no consideration about the smoker. This gives the inconvenience to the smokers. Of course, the cigarette smoke gives the very bad effect to the nonsmokers. However, the smokers moreover, it smokes with the maximum manner. If the place where it is designated is prepared, it can smoke in that place. Therefore, the preparation about the severe smoking or the nonsmoking section setting has to be once again thought. The equal rights are included to the smokers. Therefore, the right of the non-smoker and smoker has to be equally thought. And the consideration which moreover there are lots of the non-smokers has to be given. The smoking is one part among the freedom of the people. In the country, the consideration about the smoker has to be given. If not, in the dimension of state, the smoking is not produced. In this way, if it becomes, if the country classifies the smoking into the narcotic and illegally the smoking is made, it will be of service to the country profit. It will have a good effect that it is good in the people's health.
I smoke, but I didn't really see the point in forcing the regulations on restaurants, which had smoking sections. Before I was a smoker, the smoking sections of restaurants were never an intrusion for me. And I was born with sensitive lungs, since my mother smoked during her pregnancy with me. Anyway, I don't like the regulations, but I could understand someone with worse problems than I have being affected worse, even if they're in the same room as smoke. So that's something to think about. But I do have a lot of friends who are waitresses, and they all agree that the regulations have caused a drop in their restaurants' business. And I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with the government telling a business owner whether or not smoking can be permitted in their establishment. We have one guy here, who owns a pool hall, and he lets you smoke inside as long as you put a donation in the tip jar, to help him pay off the fines. Otherwise, I'm always doing my best to keep my smoke away from strangers. When I see children approaching the door to wherever I am, during my smoke breaks, I immediately hold my cigarettes away from them, and I don't take another drag until they're gone.
The opinions of smoking area are still hot potato. When we go to any restaurants and cafes, we can see smoking area for non-smokers. Why they make a smoking area? I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants and cafes in the country. First, if people smoke cigarette in restaurant, non-smoker feel unpleasant. When I went to pub to talk with my friends, some people smoke straight at next table so cigarette smoke was flew to our table. We smelled with own nose about cigarette smoke and everyone felt unpleasant. Also, we wanted to claim to smoker at next table people but we could do this. I think that non-smoker's rights are more important than smoker. Above all things, non-smoker's rights can be respected to protect the health of non-smoker. I heard that second-hand smoking is more dangerous than smoking directly. Second-hand smoking is a big health hazard. Also, being around secondhand smoke increases your risk of emphysema. Especially, children are easily vulnerable to secondhand smoke unconsciously. Maybe, smokers argue own rights of smoking clearly. But if smokers know that non-smokers feel unpleasant and are exacerbated by them, they can't smoke in front of non-smokers anymore. I hope that no one smoke in the world will be coming soon.
People want to have good memory in restaurants. So some people smoke in restaurant. Most people hate smoking in restaurants. First People want to have good memory in restaurants. So some people smoke in restaurant. Most people hate smoking in restaurants. First smoking is not healthy. If you smoke in restaurant, people who don't smoke feel bad. If you have dinner, you smell smoke, you don't know real taste. You think that I spend money unworthy. So there are many children in the place. Parents worried smoking person. If you have notion, you shouldn't smoke. I like food. Because public place is used by all people. So many people are there. If there is a smoking person, there will be non-smoking person, too. Think about it. If you see a person smoking in the subway, bus. Smoke smelling makes us so angry. Same like this. Public place is a place that every people have to get a manner. If someone smokes in public area, people can be sick because of his or her cigarette, and, you know, second-hand smoking is more dangerous than voluntary smoking. Government must transfer expensive penalty to a person who smoke in public place. No smoking in public place is common sense in Europe. Therefore, is enforcing policy that transfer penalty in the Europe several countries. This policy can may reduce greatly the smoking rate in public place.
I perfectly agree this topic to respect all people who are in restaurants. I have been suffered this bad problem from smoking when I eat out with my family at restaurants. Everywhere I go, there were many people who make me angry. It can be expanded the meaning scale of place in which it is called public place. Now, public places are created around us. I went to the park near my boarding house when I have a time to play badminton with friends for health. At there, I played just about few minutes because a person smokes close to us. That stimulates my nose and can't play more. Also, I played basketball after the school in next to the play ground. At there, my friend smokes. In a sudden near me a person who talks with another said Please, stop smoking while resting. In this reason my friend said I'm really sorry that I will stop it right away. Like this instances, just one or two, so many non-smokers can be pain with breathing when they go there. Just think about it what you cause. Smokers should know if they are no smoking but who smokes in the public place besides you or your family. If so, you must be anger that because of the bad smell. So I strongly insist that smokers go out and smoke where be notified to smokers.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I completely agree this opinion. There are three reasons; I completely agree this topic B. First, these days, smoker can smoke anywhere they want. They don't think another person. In the restaurant, if they smoke, another person breathes some cigarette smoke. That means, in the restaurant, we don't eat a food. We do passive smoking. If there are children or old people in the restaurant, this is fatal effect, but restaurants don't have a rule for banning the smoking. Second, restaurant is not smoking room; it is food serving place and important time for guest themselves. However, in the country, there is no law to ban at the restaurant usually. If they have a rule, this rule doesn't have a power. And if the county makes a rule for banning all places' smoking, smokers will argue their right. Therefore, the country makes a public advertisement for bed effect to smoke in the restaurant or other place, and smokers will accept this rule. This is job for country. Third, smoking also effect smokers directly. I don't know why smokers smoke to eat a food. If they really think their health, future and dream, and another restaurant guest, they have to agree this opinion at least. In my opinion, smoking is completely banned at all restaurants in the country. It is good thing for restaurant guests and smokers. Plus, another place also banned smoking. For example, library, cafe, school, pub etc.
Now days a lot of boy, girl, teenager and old people smoke any place. Smoking is very harmful in our body. Every year many people die because of lung cancer and other illnesses. Why people don't stop the smoking? When I go to the someplace I can see many people smoke. Like restaurant, coffee shop, mart and working around. I can see very well. Many people abdicated to smoking and more people become abdicated. We can see cigarettes store everywhere even convenience store. Why they can't stop smoking? I think when they have a lot of stress, they smoking very much. Especially, Study, Work, relationship! First, when we are study hard, some people get rid of stress to eat, exercise and play game. But some stranger people are smoking very much. I think how to get rid of stress different. Second, when they work, they have a lot of stress about chief, their boss at the office and workers; they drink cups of coffee, and smoking. Third, they have bad relationship with their friends they don't know how to get rid of stress. So they are smoking too much. Smoking is very for our health. For example, one of the people, he likes smoking, and his teeth become brown, he always coughs and he is disturbed people because of tobacco smoke. And many heavy smokers have illness. If they can't stop smoke they become dying.
I agree that smoking in the public places should be banned. I think that the smokers' right should be partially restricted under the consideration of public health and other social benefits. Freedom of smokers, the doctor is important, but much more to defend people's freedom is assumed. Because smoking is harming people's health. The severity of smoking is passive smoking. The dangers of secondhand smoke have been already scientifically proven. This also affects the damage to children. If children when adults are greater than the damage. It was a kid, the more serious if it is young. Thus, smoking in public places raises a lot of damage. If possible, advice to quit smoking, smoking in public places should be banned 100%. Cigarette price hike is not an effective way. This is a real smokers do not give the effect of smoking. Smoking in public places is not good for his support. One example is a serious smoking in University buildings. Came out already in the school newspaper column. Students who smoke less, there are many students who do not smoke. Therefore, for the happiness of a number of smokers, you should not smoke in the building. Thus, from the public spaces around us will have to run non-smoking.
I disagree smoking in public place. Smoking is detrimental to other people. Cigarette contains tar, nicotine, etc toxic substance. For the reason, the other people hate smoking smell, and smoke. Thus smoker must smoke in the outside that not in building. But nowadays, despite decreasing smokers, sometimes a few smokers have smoked in public place. The smokers have damaged to non-smokers. Non-smokers have suffered from smokers. Let's change our thinking. First we change our awareness. Smokers have to think that non-smokers have suffered from their smoking smell. Also non-smokers have to think that smoking is not bad thing, but to harm the other people is bad thing. Second, the government must make smoking room in public area and building. Maybe smokers think that there are a few legal smoking areas. Therefore the government has to make legal smoking area throughout public area, buildings. Third, raise cigarette tax. Raising cigarette tax is increasing government's budget as well as decreasing smokers. And the tax must use for smoker. For instance, to make the smoking room, to develop no-smoking smell, no smoking-smoke cigarette. With this I finish my thinking that smokers and non-smokers damaged smokers. If smoker and non-smoker help each other, the world is more attractive. Think the opponent's situation.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many reasons for me to agree that issue. First, secondhand smoking is more serious than smoking. Because of the component of cigarette smoke, it is announced that secondhand smoking is more harmful to health than smoking. So non-smokers are affected smoking more than smokers. Second, smoking cause damage to other people. When we are in the restaurants where there are smokers, our clothing and hair smelled cigarette. Also if there are smokers in the restaurants, restaurants are full of cigarette smoke. The smell of smoke is very harmful to non-smokers. In my family, everyone is non-smoker. That is why I am sensitive to smoke. Thus I smell cigarette very well and quickly. I am unpleased if he or she smokes in the restaurants, so that restaurants are full of cigarette smoke and cigarette smell. Smoking not only gives unpleased feeling to non-smokers, but also is harmful to health. For that reason, smoking is bad thing. Therefore, if he or she wants to smoke, they must smoke outside the restaurants or smoking room in the restaurants. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
Smoking is very harmful to human being. But there are thousands of people smoking around the world even though they know smoking is harmful. The most serious problem is that non-smokers are damaged by second-hand smoking of smoker. Media has emphasized the dangerousness of second-hand smoking. Lately, the notion of third-hand smoking appeared. I have seen TV program about third-hand smoking. A father usually smokes outside and washes his hands with soap. He hugs his baby and plays with him or her after smoking and washing his hands. Even though the baby doesn't smell the smoke, dangerous stuffs are found out from skin of the baby. The research shows the baby has the same amount of dangerous stuff as adult smoker. I was shocked by the result of the research. After I saw this program, I realized that we can't escape from the dangerousness of smoking anywhere. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants are public area where any people can drop by and use. In these area non-smokers are easily affected by smoker. Smokers have to know the effect of their smoking to others. Government should take a action for health of all citizen.
Some people who smoke are very rude. They smoke not only on the street, also in the restaurants. When they smoke in restaurants, other people who don't smoke feel upset. Smoking makes fumes and dirty dust. People who smoke have their smell of cigarette. That makes very discomfort. I think people who smoke in restaurants is selfish. They enjoy their smoking and do not care about other people who don't smoking. So what I am talking about is that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some of restaurants have smoking seats, but there is nearby seats of no smoking. Fumes and durst move every table in restaurants. Guests in a restaurant might be angry if someone who sitting on their next table is smoking. Then, the restaurant is gossiped about their cleaning condition and etiquette. It is good choice to forbid smoking in restaurants for their owners. Restaurants are where people eat dinner. Maybe it is special dining for someone. Smoking can break into special mood. Apparently, It is very serious problem that smoking in restaurants. I wish that smoking is banned in restaurants as soon as possible. I want to eat dinner in a restaurant that no one smoking.
There are many people who love smoking. And we can find a lot of people who smoke in public place. Even in restaurant. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because the people who are not smoking will dislike it. Also, when smoking during eating, we cannot feel the flavor and scent of food. Smoking in restaurant is really rude for other people who are not smoking. Smoke can be disgusting to people who do not smoke, so people are unpleasant. In addition, indirect smoking is worse than direct smoking to health, and it is difficult to breathe for some people who are asthma. Also, cigarette smoke can be unpleasant to even smokers when they have a meal. Cigarette smoke is strong, so it makes people not to feel the flavor and scent of food. People go to restaurant to eat a great food, and flavor and scent are important to have a good meal. However, cigarette smoke disrupts to have a meal. In addition, cigarette smoke is not easy for changing the air. When a person smokes in a restaurant, cigarette smoke does not get out of there well. People have a right to have a meal in delightful restaurant. Smoking is a choice. People who want to smoke can smoke, but they should not do damage to other people who do not smoke. Smoker needs a responsibility for their smoking.
Prohibition of smoking is quite hot issue in these days, especially about banning of smoking in public place. Not only public spaces, there are but also several places to ban smoking because of many reasons for each. Restaurant is one example of it. Here are some reasons why we should limit smoking in this place. First of all, restaurants are usually place to eat, which means that it is important to keep clean circumstance. Smoking can be harmful to maintain clean atmosphere. It makes smokes in the air, and the air would become dirty. This problem is very severe because dirty air can not be clean easily. Also, smoking makes ashes. Although most of smokers use ashtrays, it does not solve the problems. Rather than solving, ashtrays can be also another problem to clean. Secondly, smoking is bad behavior to health. Many smokers are charging this risk to enjoy their little time, but other non smokers are not. In other words, smoking can be dangerous to other people around smokers. Children and pregnant women are most dangerous, and usually there are many customers in restaurant. To protect them to any harm, smoking needs to be banned. Banning of smoking without any alternative solution also can be problematic. However, many people would easily agree with that it is necessary to some places, such as restaurant. Thus, we need to prohibit smoking at restaurant, and we also need to make another solutions to solve smokers' stress.
Smoking doesn't have to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. However, as the right of smokers has to be guaranteed, the right of non-smokers has to be protected. Also, when it comes to a case of restaurant where people eat dishes and enjoy the smell and taste, people have to be prevented from exposing to other bothering smell or mood except that of dishes itself or that of the restaurant itself. For it, all the restaurant owners have to make separated places for smokers in their restaurants. If they can't afford to prepare the separated rooms for smokers, smoking has to be completely banned inside. Because smoking is a thing of preference, but being healthy is an essential thing for all people. There have already been prepared separated rooms in each restaurant for smokers, and this movement have to be prevail. It's a good phenomenon to respect both of smokers and non-smokers. At first people didn't recognize the right of non-smokers. Society left them exposed to the cigarette, and it seemed that smokers also didn't care about non-smokers. Time passed by, as the discontentment of non-smokers was getting bigger and bigger, excessively coercive regulation have been occurred. Surely, exposure of smoke to people is really bad and unfair thing. It must be banned. However, as society respects non-smokers, smokers also have to be accepted in a proper way.
Three reasons that we must not smoke The smoking has been a topic problem. Many people know that smoking is not good for us, but the number of smoking people is gradually increasing. The age of smoking is lower and lower than before. The problem of smoking is come to the fore. Therefore, I want to tell you why we must not smoke by three reasons. First of all, smoking increases the risk of cancer. As you know, the cancer of the lungs is the typical harm of smoking. Besides, the various cancers can also happen easily. Secondly, smoking is a cause of sterility. Nowadays, smoking rate of women is increasing gradually, so the rate of sterility by smoking is also increasing. The study found second-hand smoking is also a cause of the sterility. Third, smoking has many bad effects to children. Many fathers smoke at home, but smoking has bad effects to children's growth, respiratory organ and so on. Especially, It is the worst to the children who have atopy. Women's smoking rate is increasing gradually. Besides, the children's smoking rate is increasing too. We have to suggest ways about smoking problems. We must think that smoking increases cancer rates, sterility and children's health problems.
﻿January 1, 2008, a month ahead these days, Germany's smokers make depressing. In the meantime, such as a restaurant or bar, smokers smoking naturally, but can, 2008 January 1 is a non-smoker Protection Act this fermentation, the above in place if you smoke, smokers 100 euros, and giving 1, 000 euros sales Meissen. Smokers looked previously and inconvenience of restaurants and bars of guests through reduced, opening day even tracks sales at a loss, however, and restaurant or bar, and a separate smoking space to create and operate their case, where smoking is legitimate. As a result, small business chapter wool award will invariably have just been deleted. Eonjebuteonga smokers for tolerance in our society landless, care for smokers (?) seems to be getting the space to be reduced. Non-smoking measures national health promoting health reason, but the European Union (EU) are eager to join to represent an already non-smoking measures taken by the other EU countries and policy coordination, it also means that it is strong. The overall opinion is non-smoking measures to support, but some people will resist. Southwestern Turkey early this month, and the restaurant serves guests of cigarette turn saying the owner was shot and killed. 18, protest government emerging from difficult coffee shop and restaurant owners are more difficult for accused with non-smoking measures have serious repercussions on the ruling party following elections would not take the threat of Iran has been released. Unintentional restaurant or at the bar was held the tobacco in the fire, as well as opening day let damage because it can. Hundred years called smoking futile. It is now up to place tobacco Phil seems to be getting bursts.
In many countries, smoking is banned in supermarkets, restaurants, hospitals, airplanes, and most from of public transportation. I'm all against of this. In Univ, there are so many smokers than not smoking people. In other words, I disagree with idea of prohibiting smoking in public. So, in my opinion, we don't have to quit smoking. Cigarette is the smoker's favorite food, just like how someone enjoys the favorite tea or coffee. Just consider for not smoking people. For example, smokers should smoke in the limited area. This is a common sense. We don't have to quit smoking. But you can get a bad effect to it. First of all it is dangerous to health. And, cancer or any disease will be occurred. Second, it can be smokeholic. And third, it causes ugly smell from the body. So, many people will keep far from one. And fourth, there will be much money spent, and it is terrible big amount if it was accumulated. Thus, it is unfair to prohibit smoking in public. If smoking in public is prohibited, the smokers' rights to smoke are ignored. Making a smoking area in public is the best way to respect both smokers and non-smokers. Then, you'd better release to smoke than to quit. Thus, I don't agree to quit smoking.
I completely agree this statement. In the restaurant visit the variety an age group. For example. Kids, Juveniles, adult who stop smoking, old person who don't like smoke smell etc. If kids and juveniles were sent the smoke smell or see smoking, Smoking is very harmful for them. Some curiosity the kids, juveniles think "I want to smoke". & if adults who stop smoking were scent the smell, they want smoke, finally they again smoke and they lose health. Expense of tobacco is expensive. So if they (smoking) were stops smoking, they save money and they spend meaningfully. For example they donation for African who they don't money and don't have food water and medicine that they save their life from disease. Or spend for family and buy the house. Also tobacco is very addictive. They so called "be sold drug ". Above all smoking is very harmful and secondhand smoking is very hazard for health. So I insist ban smoking in restaurant. If Smoking ban was not ban at law, the nation is appointment that smoking area. And if they were disobeying the law, the government is punishing ruthlessly or considerably penalty that jail and community service that period is very long.
I agree that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. First of all, more likely to develop cancer. To human cancer, we are experiencing now 30-40 percent of the cancers caused by tobacco. At least 20 kinds of cigarettes inside the Level A may contain carcinogens. The accumulation of carcinogens in tobacco smoke continuously for long periods depend on the type of cancer greatly increases the probability of occurrence of cancer. Currently we are experiencing mankind 30-40% of cancer is caused by a cigarette. Therefore, if the world did not smoke 30-40% of all cancers would not have occurred. And Second reason is another disease. Leads to respiratory diseases. Cigarette smoking and respiratory function continued to weaken. Continue to smoke cigarettes to stimulate primary airway inflammation and cough up phlegm and bronchial wall thickening, creates a narrowing of bronchial as weakens the respiratory function. Culinary function in bronchial mucosa also weakens the ability extremely satisfying to hear less mucus. So who smoked cigarettes for a long time that deep mucus remained above lung strange sounds. As these reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I agree. The First, smoking can threaten the health. As a report, a cigarette contains more than, 000 different toxic or poisonous chemicals such as nicotine and carbon dioxide. This chemical ingredients threaten the health especially lung. Smoking leads not only smokers but also non- smokers to die. According to a survey, more than 50, 000 Americans die from secondly hand smoke (SHS) every year. Of those, , 000 American non-smokers die from lung cancer. Like this, not only smokers but also SHS could cause the lung cancer. Therefore the public smoking should be prohibited. Second, smoking can make the public space especially campus unpleasant environment. A poison gas and a harmful content of e cigarette can pollute the air of public space. The campus space must be a safe and pleasant environment for faculty, staff and students. Smoking in campus of the public space plays a role in causing unpleasant environment. As a survey at Utah State University about 80% of students would support a policy making the campus completely smoke-free. Most of the air pollutes the clean air of campus which is made of trees and then the students are not pleasant. Smoking in the public space especially campus should be prohibited.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Ultimately, restaurants are the place to offer food. They need to supply fresh food and clean hall to customer. Of course, people who visit a restaurant want to have dishes in pleasant surroundings. Imagine, when you are eating a delicious meal at a restaurant, smokers are smoking at the next table. Smoke is getting to spread in the air. You should be upset and lose your appetite. It is absolutely bad behavior to smoke in most of places where many people visit. Person who smokes in these areas lacks consideration for others and has no manner. They must know their fault and correct the deformed posture. A mature sense of citizenship helps to grow a high country level. However, it is better to prepare smoking sections for smokers in a lot of restaurant because smokers have a right to respect their liberty and personality. If smoking is prohibited in the restaurants by the law, lots of smokers cannot accept obediently. Anyway, I am sure that it is a serious social problem. We have to find out the best policy to satisfy both non-smokers and smokers.
A lot of people smoke a cigarette everywhere to mitigate the stress. Of course, it seems to relieve their mind to smoke cigarette. However, I disagree that smoker draw at public place as well as the entire restaurant. I think that smoking should be completely banned at public place in country. There are some reasons supporting my idea. First, passive smokers are more likely to get cancer compared with non-smokers and smokers. According to WHO report, passive smokers are always exposed to fatal disease like cancer and they are in with a shout of getting cancer three times to four times compared with non-smokers and smokers. Second, to smoke a cigarette cost a lot of social expense. The survey of the Ministry of Health and Welfare shows that smoking area is the most expensive money to clean the surroundings because of time and employee. Third, smoking can cause dangerous accident like fire. According to the National Emergency Management Agency, it says that fire in restaurant is caused by the light of a cigarette thrown away carelessly. As a result, many people are injured by this situation. For these reasons, I absolutely assert that smoking should be banned all places except smoking area in country.
I totally agree with the idea of Topic B (Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. ) Let's see some reasons. First of all, there are lots of people who don't like the smell of smoking. For example, a month ago, I went to a restaurant where is near mountain, on one hand, I like the place because of the air around it, on the other hand, I saw a person who was smoking in the restaurant that makes me feel uncomfortable. I really hate the smell of smoking and when I smell it, I feel headache, so it was terrible dinner due to the person. Secondly, secondhand smoking is fatal for people's health. As you know secondhand smoking is much worse than smoking. Therefore, smoking in public place affects other people who are in public place as well as the smoker Thirdly, there is a possibility of a fire. In this case, many people who are in the public place are going to die. Fourthly, smoking in the public place makes young people or children have curiosity about it or want to smoke. That's why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think almost people agree too. Restaurants are public place, not alone place. I don't think smoking is bad, smoking in restaurants is a bad. Non-smoker is damaged by smoker because of secondhand-smoking. I see a secondhand-smoking is hurter than smoking in news. Smoking in restaurants, is an expose other people to disease. The target cans your family. Image one case, today is a family eat out. Your sun seat next to you. You start smoking, your sun breathe smoke. Your sun is non-smoker. Your sun what think about you? Maybe he feels shame. Because he has a conscience. He thinks your smoking is restaurants are a wrong doing. Don't you agree? Everyone knows smoking in restaurants is a not good, child, adult, teenager, oldster. You must think mostly people health. Don't smoking in restaurants only for your pleasure. You want smoking in eat out, you go out and smoking that time, that a manner. Now days almost restaurants have a smoking-room. Your few steps will be other persons happy. For almost persons happy, smoking in restaurants should be banded and smoker must observe this law. That's a win-win strategy both position.
I know smoking is harmful to health, but the people who started out of curiosity are most common. In addition, many people started out of curiosity during adolescence are the person who initiated the most common. However, it will be harmful to young people who are exposed to that sad reality is that they have not. If parents have children who smoke increased the odds seem better. Because my parents are smoker I'll smoke a cigarette? Have to think that smoking is addictive from the moment it is fatal. Tobacco is a sign that food is a problem. Continue to sell tobacco as a drug with the wrong, you can purchase and Think that did it. A tobacco addiction to quit asking to hear someone who's already seems to be abandoned late. In my opinion, Tobacco is not starting from scratch, is an alternative method I know that smoking is not good is the majority who do not hang up. Smokes parents about the child is not eligible for scolding seems to. Curiosity of a child with a problem that's not much, but exposure to such situations, parents at the beginning of the fault seems to be even greater. That must not ignore someone smokes
Everyone knows that cigarettes are harmful to the body is true. But knowing that is the majority who do not quit smoking. In addition, there is very rapid these days, women were smokers. Streets as well as restaurants, cafes, pubs, etc. , is full of smokers. But the whole world and all people are not smokers. There are also non-smokers. So there is plenty of growing conflict between nonsmokers smokers. Emits the smell of smoke in a restaurant meal you will be very unpleasant. So now a lot of restaurants are mostly non-smoking section. I think the smell of smoke during dinner bad manners do not, but Love the shoes of cigarette smokers may be a too selfish to that. So a good compromise between the position of both measures, but not easy to find. I think that the restaurant sells alcohol and smoking also thinks its okay to acknowledge me. As he would so biheupyeonjaeman because that's also not fair. The restaurant sells wine in a little smoke-free atmosphere to credit is okay, I think. The Often we think that in addition to a restaurant and a meal without wine is to make a non-smoking section is courtesy of nonsmokers.
Our society has many smokers. So today recognition about smoking was as much higher than the past. For example, the police are recently cracking down a smoker in non-smoking areas in Seoul. Most of smokers are easy to feel cumbersome what obey the law. For this reason actually cause stress for the smoker but it can't be helped for their health. I don't smoke but I don't think that smokers are being a bad man. I think that smoking is means to relieve stress for smoker. But smoking can causes harm to someone else. That is typical example is secondhand smoking. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. For this reason, I'm sorry for smokers but I hope to keep smokers and passive smokers' body in good condition. But you don't push the smokers too much stop smoking. It may produce a negative effect to smokers. The best way is to motivate smokers to stop smoking. Then they will stop smoking themselves easily. I've had a similar experience, too. When I forced to stop smoking, my father who was smoker thought nitpicking. But when I encouraged my father to stop smoking, he showed a favorable attitude to me. In other words, smokers need motivation which stops smoking and encouragement.
Thirty percent of men and 19 percent of women around the world smoke. One hundred thousand children under the age of 15 start smoking every day. One of every ten deaths around the world is caused by a smoking-related disease. With statistics like this, it's hard to imagine why smoking continues to be so widespread. There are over 4, 000 chemicals in a single cigarette, some of which are highly poisonous. Examples include naphthalene, which is used in moth repellent; acetone, the main component of nail polish remover; butane, a constituent of lighter fluid; and formaldehyde, used in embalming. Cigarettes also contain nicotine, a highly addictive stimulant that causes physical and psychological dependency. The two most serious health effects of smoking are cancer and emphysema. Smoking has been linked to 11 forms of cancer, including cancer of the esophagus, mouth, pancreas, bladder, and kidney. According to recent studies, smokers are 26 times more likely to die of lung cancer than non-smokers. Emphysema is a chronic disease that destroys parts of the lungs and results in shortness of breath, hyperventilation, and asthma-like attacks. Another common wealth effect of smoking is coronary artery disease. Smoking reduces the amount of oxygen that reaches the heart, increases blood clotting and blood pressure, and decreases high-density lipoprotein (HDL) or "good" cholesterol. Women taking oral contraceptives should not smoke, as the risk for stroke increases almost four times. Smoking is the largest cause of preventable death in the world. Recent studies have found that smokers can undermine the health of non-smokers in some environments
I am totally agreed. Of course, must do. Restaurants are a lot of people on both sides are a place to eat. And all people are not smoker. And the space is shared, and eat place. Personal reasons that giving others the damage may be undesirable. Smoke is direct smoking as well as passive smoking can damage to others. If there are pregnant, smoke is Will affect mother and, Baby too. Besides the damage is who will Compensation? All the people in the restaurant will receive compensation? Never do that. Tobacco is Harmful for human's body and Pollute the atmosphere. Also on the street is not an exception. This also passing people are affect. And Cigarette butt is abandoned on the floor. This gives rise to environmental pollution. According to, smoke has many problems. So smoker should use Smoking place, even if inconvenient. And Smokers are considerate of others, Should understand. Furthermore, Cigarette smokers also a little bit of this in terms of reducing, I hope that non-smoking movement. That too without causing harm to others, your health, all of us is a way to stay healthy. Therefore, Keep the social order, Earth can take care of. Thank you for read my essay
I'm agreeing for this topic. Smoking is an infringement of non-smokers' right non-smokers' right is respected. Nowadays smokers are increasing in succession. Due to the increase, smokers are increasing in crowed places such as restaurant & cafe so passive smokers will damaged 3times more than smokers. We frequently can receive on the news or newspaper about the passive smoking. For example, passive smoking is poisoned by nicotine it can also be increase the risk of cancer and in some cases, death. Passive smoking is no better than murder, like this. By the way, smoking is terrible to think in restaurants. I have many times experience passive smoking in restaurant. I feel angry when smokers are smoking and i don't think it is good. Everybody have may think the same thing like me. And there is not only smoker but also pregnant woman and kids in restaurant It are quite deadly to them. Some people say that Prohibiting of smoking in the restaurant would infringe on the smokers' freedom. But Freedom can only be ensured when it doesn't infringe other freedom. Therefore I think that Prohibiting of smoking would be rigidly enforced in public places where non-smokers' freedom should be protected.
When I met a person who knew long time ago, we had dinner together. It was so fun and food was fantastic before him smoke. He started to smoke. Then I couldn't concentrate his say, tasted delicious food. The ashes are into a soup, smoke is attack to me. It was my worst meal ever had. It's ok to smoke. But you don't smoke in restaurants. It smells so dizzy, feel like disgusting. I think smoking table in restaurants, is good for nothing. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has a bad effect for other people. It is corroborated by science. If you want to smoke, you must go smoking area! It's legal thing. And please don't smoke in the road. It's so feel bad. I want to a fresh air. Not to mix a cigarette ash. Don't' think about yourself, think about other person. They suffer your indifference action. Smoking is not attractive. It is a poison that your body going to sick. I want to smoke banned all the restaurants. They do not smoke in restaurants, say no more. It's a manner for others, and then we are feeling good together.
In my opinion, Smoking area of restaurants in the country must be completely banned. Restaurant is one of public places. Public place is not private space but space which Many people are using. Smoking Act like cigarette is harmful to someone in. For example, the health of babies to cigarette smoke is deadly. Also, cigarette smoke negatively affects pregnant women. These negative affect impacts on their general health problems, as well as cause of Death will bring extreme problems. Therefore, for this reason, Smoking in public places such as restaurants and should be Prohibited to all relevant. But in many nations, the law is unclear on the act of smoking in public places. Having clearly established the law, Penalties including fines system will be Strengthened. So, I want to say that strengthen the law governing corporal punishment And consequent damage to others that that is a way to reduce smoking behavior. After this process the posted, the effect will necessarily receive and people need to Worry about cigarette smoke will be reduced. Smoking should be completely banned at All the restaurants in the country. I agree strongly with the following statements. Smokers must conduct their own action and should be aware that it is critical for people Which is not smoke and the others to damage in all respects. At the moment, Change is the time to recognize the urgency of smokers.
I agree with the topic B. There are a lot of smoke-free areas at restaurants, cafes, movie theatre, and pubs in many countries. Some countries hold that smoking in public places should be forbidden by law for people's health, while others insist that people have the rights to smoke even in public places in terms of freedom, economic effects, and overestimated data. However, smoking should be banned in public places all over the world since passive smoking could cause serious health problems and the policy prohibiting smoking in public places could help smokers reduce or quit smoking, enhance performance in workplaces and be helpful in terms of economic effects and the people's rights. Many non-smokers think that the government should ban smoking in restaurant because there restaurant-smoking have lots of side effects. It is involved to danger of secondhand smoke, harms of appearance of restaurants and environment, and desires of people. Think! How would you feel if a person smokes a cigarette beside you? You might feel unpleasant. If you are a smoker, you won't agree with it, but you are a non-smoker, you would agree with it. Smoking in public restaurants has a lot of negative effects, so many non-smokers insist on their right to breathe clean air and to be protected from smoking-related diseases. Smoking in public restaurants has to be prohibited by law.
Did you ever see No smoking in this area or Smoking is prohibited here? As many of you know smoking is bad for your health also secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. So many people designate non-smoking area and They disadvantage for smoker. But smoker's right important than non-smoker's right. They will say, "I'm the one who smokes. Mind your own business! Cigarette is an item of personal preference and the government collects taxes from smoker. In spite of that many other countries are also striving to decrease the number of smokers and have developed a variety of anti-smoking policies. Where smoker is's right? Are they criminal? I think that the government has agreed to lift restrictions on smoker and they're Induce smoker to decide to stop smoking. So restaurants divide the area in to two sections. One section is non - smoking area, the other section is smoking area then they're not going to complain to the government about this. Also smokers should try to keep a non-smoker's right. Then the government doesn't collect taxes and developed a variety of anti-smoking policies. And In this way, there will be less people smoking and it is possible that this dispute might disappear.
Recently, many people have been suffering from smoke. It means that everyone exposures smoke including babies and teens. Therefore, I'd like to say that smoking should completely be banned all restaurants throughout the country. This is because people who are used to smoke can't stay healthy when eating meals with smoking. To begin with, some people who used to smoke are eating meals with smoking. In other words, non-smokers are not free for smoking. Generally speaking, having meals with smoking is brutal to every people. It even causes lung cancer for people who used to smoke. Also, it might be hard to keep staying healthy. As an example, one of my friends is not a smoker. However, he often get symptom of minor cold even when it's summer. One day, he dropped by a clinic. At that time, a doctor said that you've got a minor lung cancer. It was strange to him because he didn't try to smoke at all. From that day on, he avoids having meals outside. In conclusion, I strongly support on the idea that smoking should be banned all restaurants in the country. Eating meals without smoking seems like everybody's desire. People who both used to smoke and are used to smoking cannot keep their personal healthy, as long as smoking shouldn't be banned in all restaurants throughout the country.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because this can threatens the health of people. Anyone who does not smoke cigarettes has a very unpleasant smell I was hoping and indirect direct smokers to smoke 10 times more than the body is not good. Smoking directly from the filter at least once every other bad substance out, but second-hand smoke as a bad substance. Today, many people who smoke worldwide. According to many studies, cigarette, causing a fatal disease, but many people puffing cigarettes is gradually increasing. So, smoking in public places, it's why you need to create space. Galicia In other words, I oppose smoking in public places. Second, smoking in public places, even to second-hand smoke need space. The right one smokes anywhere, but the damage caused by secondhand smoke not think we should not be wearing. Smoking in public places, so I think that there must be space. In other words, no smoking in public places is unfair. If you ban smoking in public places, their rights are ignored. Second-hand smoke to create smoking areas for smokers and that the best way to respect I think.
These days not only adults but also youths smoke. It is very serious problem. Smoking has some problems. First, it causes a disease such as cancer. Second, it makes non-smoker unpleasant because cigarette smoke has an unpleasant smell. Third, it is unhelpful in environment because cigarette butts are thrown away on the every road. So, I think smoking makes two victims. One is smokers and the other is non-smokers. Although the former enjoys smoking at that time, they will suffer from a disease related to smoking - many kinds of cancer-. And, the latter is under stress and also suffers from a disease because of smokers. It is wasteful to spend money buying cigarette. Therefore, quitting smoking is more helpful to smoker and non-smoker but, if smokers don't want to quit it, they ought to keep the manner. For example, they have to throw away cigarette butts in garbage and don't have to spit on the road. And, if smokers are with non-smokers, they have to smoke outside for non-smoker. Especially, Smoking is fatal to mother and baby. So, smoker has to be careful of the pregnant mother. If smoker pays attention more, non-smoker can be more comfortable and feel better.
Smoking in restaurants should be banned outright. Because, nonsmokers is painful. Smoking in public places will be fined. Smoking is a choice, but Nonsmokers have a right to be protected. Children's, elderly, pregnant women may be at a restaurant. To them, secondhand smoke is a deadly one. Smoking room in restaurants should be created separately. When I once went to a restaurant, my next smoker is damaged to me I was very troubled by eating food. At least as much as in the restaurant, you should refrain from smoking. In fact, more than direct smoking, passive smoking is harmful to the body. Due to some of the rude people, innocent people should not wear damage. If you want to smoking, using smoking room. Little practice makes the whole happily. In a good restaurant, lovely people and to spend time with delicious food, why smokers need to try? In restaurant, enjoy your food! Not smoking. Gradually increasing number of people who smoking on the street. Smoking is not a bad thing. I would say that Let's identify when and where the smoke. It is not hard. To focus on the food when you eat. Not smoking in restaurants, can eat healthy and delicious food.
These days many restaurants are ban smoking or divide smoking room and nonsmoking room. It doesn't make big difference but there are lots of restaurants even don't divide room. I absolutely agree that all the restaurants completely ban smoking. I'm more agreeing because I'm nonsmoker but its common opinion for nonsmoker. Nonsmokers are more than smokers, for example, there are children, students, old men, and pregnant women. In restaurants, there is also more nonsmoker than smoker. If smokers are smoking in the restaurants, many nonsmokers are effected their health indirectly. Secondhand smoking is harmful their health. It's well known fact that secondhand smoking is caused cancer, and more harmful than smoker. Its irony that smoking in restaurants even if many people have a meal. In my case, I hate smell of smoke, and sometimes if I smell during have a meal, I don't want to eat a meal anymore. It's smoker's freedom but at least they don't damage other people. Fortunately, these days many restaurants, theater, and the inside of a building are ban smoking, or divide smoking room and nonsmoking room. Many smokers, however, are still smoking in bar, in the street, etc. It's very unpleasant for nonsmoker. I think that smoking should be completely banned at the entire restaurant. If our country does, we guarantee freedom of smoker, and keep right to protect health and breathe in the fresh air.
Smoking damages your health. But second-hand smoking more harmful than smoking. And second-hand smoking more than smoking is many died by cancer of the lungs. Therefore I think prohibition of smoking is very important. Many People are damaged by smoker. So I think Government make smoking area or non-smoking section in the school. It decided on the second-hand smoke damage to the people will decrease. Then healthier people will be many. Also, my carelessness is should be no damage with others. Stopping smoking is not so difficult. If you have confidence, you can do anything. To be frankly with this essay, it's harder to quit smoking than to quit drinking. Just I think. Because Drink alcohol is feeling better sometimes but Smoking cigarette is disgusting. Exercising, eating a healthy diet, and stopping smoking, researchers have long known that doing each of these protects the heart. Most important thing is stop smoking. Nowadays many teenagers smoke cigarette, so, the campaign against smoking should be aimed at teenagers. And Korea's government has plans to extend the no-smoking area. Anti-smoking information is one of them. But there's a lot of anti-smoking information floating around out there, and people still smoke. I hate them.
These days, many people are smoking. In our school case, many students are smoking in everywhere. I think smoking gives other people a lot of damage. Because for those who do not smoke gives damage. Than direct smoking, passive smoking is not good for person's body. And smoking is weakened breathing smoke fitness comes the hard mucus. In the body always messy and the smell of smoke around people who smell give offense. When smoking first cigarette, but the mind being stable in the future after 4-5 years will grow to be unconscious. The damage is greater financially. I can't feel the taste of food smells the scent is can't. However, if a cigarette for a week to break the food is really delicious and very fresh air becomes when the smoking, the amount of nicotine increases in the body. Increasing the amount of nicotine has adverse effects occur. Adverse effects of body movement arose in the case of pregnant women to reduce blood flow to the placenta is interrupted. First cigarette smoke or too much light when opened! Vomiting, dizziness, a headache, because the nicotine to paralyze the nerves. Therefore smoking increases the incidence of end liver and lung cancer gets worse because the body is not good
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. A few days ago, I saw the news about the harms of tobacco. Cigarette smoke causes cancer, and to harm the lungs, when general population is more dangerous than someone smoker has found. And knowing that people continue to smoke cigarettes. Even in public, to the smokes. Those who do not smoke frowned eyes nose. However, people who smoke do not know what harm. Naturally there are do not hang up a cigarette, Secondhand smoke is harmful, especially to children and the elderly. However, despite the phrase smoking, people smoke cigarettes. This is a serious problem. The problems that should be improved. Smoking how can we do? Perhaps they will never have to quit smoking. If you cut down to break, but the world is not seem possible that all people. Smoking is injurious to health, everyone knows it. However, many people are curious and will start. Although some of them smoke, there are many youth. Selling tobacco to people 20 years old. Youth smoking, but also what can be seen easily. When it is very sad. Does not mean that there is no way. However, where security, it smokes. 190 Addiction is really scary, but all hope is loss of people smoking, Finish this essay.
I think smoking is bed habit. It is affective health care and skin healthy. And it is bed affect other people the proximate people smoking people. I hate a people who are smoking at the load. Korea law enact that people can't smoking the official area. But smoking people smoking law area. But it isn't performing. Women are nearly hate smoking people. Nowadays Korea law is that prohibit smoking seen to television program. Smoking people must give a therapy. Public rotation prohibits smoking that seems to be theater, bus stop and son. Café divide place smoking area or nonsmoking area. They ask to customer which area does you want. Unfortunately, I heard on TV that poorer nation, more smoking. This year, cigarette cost increase. And for people who stop smoking are automatic cigarette was launch. At non-smoking you are not supposed to smoke there. Seoul city's anti-smoking campaign frequently opening. Any man thinks smoking people is very stylish. But that is very mistake. That just virtual image. Doctors advise to stop smoking. Almost women hate smoking man. Korean people are smoking now too and they have to pay for his cigarettes. If you smoking person, you must stop smoking I advise.
I do not think badly about smoking. But smoking in public places for people who do not Smoke and avoid smoking if you think that is different. For themselves as well as the stress that smoking can do What no one shall harm to others, but of course I'm sorry If you need to give me more days I should try to avoid Causing harm to another person, most people do not think It is smoking. Exactly call for smoking to be bad behavior, But while living in a society with the pursuit of his Interests are absolutely a problem with. In addition, Secondhand smoke is more harmful than smoking It through junior high school student knows that education Are too often the adults that they might not know it is not? A close friend or remotely close to knowing the person I met for the first time that a victim of secondhand smoke And nowadays there are many cases of women who smoke and smoking, But it is still more of a male. Slip on the idea that equality between Women and men, but men say nine human ancestors would have To protect women and children did not take even such a small Consideration does not make sense. Thus, smoking in public places Or not to smoke around people that do not harm the freedom Of the individual smoking in them, so do not think there is good reason to stop.
I know, you know, and everyone knows that smoking is terrible. Human being has been smoking long time ago. Why do they smoke? I have never been smoked so I don't know about that. I think that the person who made smoking didn't know that smoking is harmful to the human's body and the people who lived at that time didn't know that smoking is harmful to the human's body. If they realized the true, they didn't smoking. But eventhoug now, we must not smoke. How can we stop smoking? The government helps that. If the government makes the signore's price badly high, People who smoke will reduce because they can buy the signore. Then, the government must not earn money from sailing signore's. If they couldn't earn money from that, they can stop nourishing the signore's plants. And then, the government must make the large region where people can't smoke. As they don't like look at the area, the smoking people will reduce smoking. Finally, the government must made law that the people who smoke in public area Is guilty because the smoke gives other people who don't smoke harmful. So I think that is guilty what can't see. Also we have to teach the children harmful about smoking before they start to smoke. I think if everybody on the earth stop smoking, the human being will be healthy more than now.
To all the people smoking in public places damage. No smoking peoples of tobacco smoke and passive smoking are to give It's very bad for people who smoke more than 10 times higher should. It is also not entitled to claim compensation means you cannot place. Street or at restaurants that will not smoke cigarettes. Children are growing rice meokeultego be heard because a lady than adults will only make it worse. So smoke cigarettes in public places have to think very large fines. And manners to keep it for granted I think that it is. Public places smoke damage over those who do not have laws to go So if lesson is illegal and people are not self-restraint will ease us all. Therefore, we should raise the young people and smoking habits As adults to quit smoking should be When I was a bright face to national And these days, even elementary school children are blooming world. Starting with this, adults in the show to break the world I want to create smoke-free world. So politicians and public awareness and to create separate smoking areas and other places give a penalty should not give no smoking people damage. No smoking please
Smoking harms the health of smokers and nonsmokers to health. According to research, indirect smoking is more harmful than direct smoking is. Therefore, smoking in public places should be made perfectly. Those who do not even know that the damage is not right. In addition, there are many family restaurants. Despite signs of smoking in restaurants, there are people who smoke. It makes people frowned upon. Children should not be exposed to cigarette. Guests come to enjoy its meal unpleasant feeling because of the smoke should also think. A lot of people in a restaurant require consideration of smokers. They go to places other than restaurants could smoke a cigarette. The restaurant is a place to eat is not the smoking room. Smokers know the risks of secondhand smoke, yet the problem continues a consideration that is lacking. If the problem is solved yielding a little. Non-smoking and smoking areas in restaurants and it is essential to put them strictly regulated. Nonsmoker's rights, too, is important, but should respect the rights of smokers think. Must find ways to live together. Effective manner while minimizing the damage should understand each other. Do not wait for the victim of a selfish need special attention.
What smoking? Smoking is cigarette-burning actives. As a material with a strong addictive cigarette smokers tend to smoke if you continue to occur. Smokers are addicted to the nicotine contained in cigarettes. Absorption of nicotine addiction on a regular basis, if shake and emotional withdrawal symptoms such as anxiety comes. Coming very soon, these withdrawal symptoms after 24 hours of smoking could resist smoking again. Thus, if an addict, Classified as nicotine addiction will be treated as a psychiatric disorder. If a large amount of nicotine absorbed, Nervous, Digestive, Circulatory, Endocrine, as well as to the affects vision. In recent years, smokers, women and young people are going rises exponentially. If the growth is a result young people became less young people smoke and lung cancer, muscle, bone, nervous system damage can easily be followed by the research revealed. Especially maternal smoking affects the fetus also. Smoking lowered the chances of pregnant women giving birth of if the developmental disabilities of the fetus were born, distraction, emotional instability appears. In the case of passive smiling directly gives more damage than smoking. Smoking directly into the filter at least carcinogens is filtered. But, secondhand smoke in the filter as unfiltered smoke, the risk of lung cancer because it absorbs more than twice that smoking is directly. As a result, smoking will damage to every person.
Although I know it's difficult to carry on this policy, I would insist on my opinion. That is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Here are my reasons. First, as we all known, smoking is really bad for health. Smoking can cause different diseases, such as cancer, black lung and teeth, etc. Nowadays, more and more people die because of smoking. Second, smoking is not only bad for the smokers' health, but also bad for the people who are near them. According the recent news, the smokers' families are easier to get sick than the smokers themselves. Third, restaurants are the public places where people have their personal space. If you smoke in the public, you are very rude because you interrupt others. Fourth, compared to other places, restaurants are the most places people get together. They are the places for people to enjoy delicious food, not enjoy the bad smell of cigarettes. Fifth, smoking would easily cause fire. It is reported that there are many fire disasters happened which were caused by smoking, especially in the dry weather. We should not neglect the bad affection of smoking. In order to protect our environment, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the whole country. To provide people comfortable environment and good mood, this policy is necessary to carry on one day. However, it's not an easy job. Therefore this policy should be protected by laws to be powerful and strict.
We usually eat outside at least one meal and we can see smoking people in that site. If you are a non-smoking person, you can eat cigarette smoke instead of the food. Recently, the article that people around smoking people are higher the risk for lung cancer than smoking people was announced. At least, if we are considerate people that think others than me, I think that we must not smoke at the public site like restaurant. Also by globalization society, there are a lot of foreigners in Korea. They have to eat Korea's food at Korea's restaurant. There are also people that don't like to smoke near them. If they who comes Korea because of love for Korea see smoking people at Korea's restaurant, they will think all of Koreans are impolite. And there are also children come with their parent. If we smoke in front of them, children weakened immune systems can be more harmful their health. And it can be impacted children's education purpose which improves Korea's future. I think you already know smoking is not good all aspect in our life. Although it is hard to quit smoking, why don't you stop smoking than to undergo hate eye?
I emphasized the bad effect of smoking. I hate smoking. Smoking is very bad for your health. Cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health. In the interest of health, people are asked not to smoke. People who smoke say smoking will release the stress. It is just an excuse. According to what they say unmaking people cannot live. Because they are no place release of stress. And smoking causes serious lung cancer. Smokers have a greater risk of renal cell carcinoma than nonsmokers do. Smoking Cigarette smoking is one of the major killers in the world. Lung cancer is the first death rate through smoking. Also smoking damage not only one's own self but also at one's elbow. That is how selfish act! If the reason smoke is stress, you can release stress with sports and leisure. Well, first, you need to stop drinking and smoking, and exercise more. If it weren't that bad the school puts a ban on smoking. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. Sometimes smoking is ok. It is bad for the health to smoke like a chimney. The cravings for tobacco take a while to completely go away. There is nothing you should try.
I do not agree. It is very personal freedom. Of course, smoking is very bad thing to all of people. But we already have smoking zone. So we may smoke in the zone. Most people say, "Smoking is bad thing for smoker, but the worse thing is involuntary smoking. That is correct! But, all of restaurants abandoning about smoking is no desirable. If all of restaurants abandon smoking, many companies which produce tobacco are death. It is business! And it is life! Their life! Producing tobacco. . . Anyway, we have lots of smoking zone and lots of company. Why we founded the company and the factory that making tobacco. It is not make sense. Therefore, smoking in special area like smoking place or outside is okay. And that is free to all of people who are smoking. So, if we have no condition; like "Do not smoking here" than it is okay smoking in the restaurants. And it is fair! That is why this problem is not illegal. Free! It is very personal problem. Whatever! If the smoking person do not damaged another person, it is not so serious problem isn't it? Consequently, I think it is unfair to lots of smoking people.
Smoking is not good. Cigarettes are a drug. Cigarettes are bad for our body. But we still smoke cigarettes because Cigarettes are addictive. My father smoke. Heavily and I hate my father smoke heavily. My friends smoke, too. I wish they don't take a cigarette. Cigarette is known is not good in the world. People know Cigarettes is not good. But people cannot seem to quit. The Smoker is addictive. Lots of people are getting cancer cause of it. We must warn everyone how serious smoking is and we must help them stop. It's been years since I heard that the government has raised the price of cigarettes. But they didn't raise it to make people stop. They did it to earn more profits. I mean why did they only raise 500won if they intended to make people stop smoking? They should have risen more and more. But there's one problem. If this policy really works, and no one buys a cigarette, Korea will get a big damage. Almost more than 5 percent of budget is earned by cigarettes. But if this stops, all of us could get in trouble. So it will be impossible to make them stop selling cigarettes.
I do think smoking is bad. Smoked cigarettes, as well as in side by side gives a lot of damage to people. For the hundreds of tobacco carcinogens, and a good time to think. Tobacco smoke, many get sick. Ulysses is a jam bottle damages. Pneumonia, lung cancer, throat cancer and so is the cause of many illnesses. Tobacco smoke, stress relief can be instantaneous, but when the tobacco addiction, because addiction can also cut down for no longer is hand, but then you are addicted to cigarettes for life hair and may have come in really big trouble if and when I do, you blame a person who there would be no. As the increasingly impressive addition damage gap economically is a big loss. When crossing a circle 2500 that one cigarette a day pack is more than two circles for more than 5, 000 per month, and then just fly hundreds of pounds. Cigarettes are not good economically for their health do not forget to think we need to cut Must. For you to break even for the people around there, and hangs up, he also is good when the good results good results can be achieved Province. Various efforts to break up a cigarette, which you can exercise while other hobbies Did you see a cigarette I think it's time to hang up on the various efforts. When stopping smoking getting skin getting better health, a lot of benefit in many ways. The nice thing about cigarette smoke, but you really feels that the best part about being disconnected, and in many ways to quit thinking that deep.
It should be banned in restaurants; smoking is harmful to other people. I experienced, I was eating some food, some guy smoked cigar behind me. I smelled smoke I lose my taste. That screwed up my lunch. I hate smokers. As you know about relation smoke and health. Smoking is very harmful to health. But many people like smoking cigar. I don't understand why like smoking. Especially in restaurants, smoking should be banned. Restaurants are public place. Many people enjoy their time. Smoking smell interrupt many people and harmful besides smoking. Frequently used by the general public from passive smoking in restaurants, one would seriously exposed to the evils of smoking were higher opinion that legislation. Secondhand smoke and indoor public places to protect the front of the ordinance enacted smoking bans smoking in restaurants and workplaces to encourage smoking, the risks of passive smoking are needed to promote. When Smoke in restaurants, smoking ash add many food. In this case people don't like this situation. Smoking ash is not good for enjoy time in restaurant. This behavior is very rude to many people. But smokes don't recognize that. I want to know that smoker's behavior how are some terrible. I want to change them.
With the development of society, smoking in public place such as restaurant is abandoned in many countries. Even though, it can give great inconvenience to smokers, since non-smokers suffer from their smoking, I am strongly convinced that those who smoke in the restaurants should be banned. First, smoking harms not only smokers' health, but also non-smokers'. It is a well known fact that passive smoking damages a person's body more than the direct one does. People who are near the smoker in the restaurant have no choice but to breathe all the bad chemical substances not being filtered. It causes many diseases such as cancers and difficulty in breathing. No one wants to harmful their health, with eating delicious food. Furthermore, the family who has a baby does never want to breathe in really harmful smoke to their baby. They have to take care of him because of young age. Second, everyone has the right to enjoy their life. A number of people visit restaurant to eat delicious food and have good time with their family or friends. Since they pay the money including service money, they have the rights to enjoy the happiness and even freedom. However, if a person smokes in the restaurant, this means that the person is violating the non-smokers' rights to refuse to breathe in the smoke, which harms their bodies and makes them unpleasant with the smell. For the two reasons above, I agree with the rule that prohibits people from smoking at the all restaurants in the country.
When I saw the topic, it is reasonable that smoking should be perfectly banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some (not all) people feel unpleasant about smoking. So do me. They have right to have an enjoyable meal. But, because of the smokers, the people are not being supposed to be disqualified by them. I have an unfavorable experience about this happen. As I went to the Chinese restaurant with my friends, we had the thinking about the luxurious atmosphere, and nice tasty foods. So we were very delighted. At that time, many guests came into the restaurant. Until then the guests did not have to worry about, we felt good. But the moment one of the guests was starting smoking. Then the other guests began smoking after him. Since then, the inside of the room became the fog and the smell of smoke. It was hard to breathe for us because the smoke blocked, and eyes were hurting, too. From then on all of my friends as well as the restaurant began to be offended by the smokers. So, in the end all the more impatient people protested them. The situation was resolved but everyone enjoyed delicious food and deprived of rights became unintentionally. So, I agree to be prohibited from smoking in restaurants.
We have two opinions about smoking. Agree about smoking and disagree about it. First, I want to tell about disagree opinion. Because I am not smoking. Smoking is harmful our health. But lots of non-smokers are feeling pain cause of cigarette's smoke. Everybody knows second-hand smoking is more harmful than smokers. If you smoke long time, you can die earlier than non-smoker. And nowadays lots of people try to help for smoker to quit cigarette. They try to give free chance of quit smoking. For example, give free nonsmoking patch and some pill which help to control about feeling of smoking. And on TV has lots of advertisement about danger of smoking. So if smokers who want to quit cigarette, but it if too difficult quit by ownself, try to get some help. Nevertheless you want to smoke; I want to smoke only on smoking area. And second opinion is agreed about smoking. Almost of smokers are say we want to smoke. But these days we can smoke only our house. Because almost of area are nonsmoking building. My opinion is disagreeing smoking. But when I read some article about smoker's difficulties, I can understand little. In government, they sell cigarettes. But government wants to quit smoking. This is out of question. If government and people really want to get rid of smokers, they cannot sell cigarette. So I think if you really want to get rid of smokers, never sell a cigarette and if you can do it, just you make some smoking for smoker.
Government's indoor-smoking measures murder happened in Turkey until this time, non-smoking measures to protest on the restaurants, cafes, their collective erupted a week. 18, 1000 people from Turkey are gathered in Ankara also non-smoking measures demanded retraction of the BBC. A large number of participants protesting restaurant and coffee shop, bars, and so the ""non-smoking measures spoiling Pidgin"" and ""establishments to allow my smoking section"". Turkey is a full 40% of the adult population is 2, 500 million people smoking and global' kids characters, and the country'. Specifically, 15 to 40-year-old half the population. The Government of Turkey, in May last year, these are a public place smoking and last month that bars and cafés, restaurants, and even in front of the smoking ban enforcement regulations. Regulatory violations: smokers about 45 dollars, business owners than those of many fine 9 times as much. Non-smoking measures national health promoting health reason, but the European Union (EU) are eager to join to represent an already non-smoking measures taken by the other EU countries and policy coordination, it also means that it is strong. The overall opinion is non-smoking measures to support, but some people will resist. Southwestern Turkey early this month, and the restaurant serves guests of cigarette turn saying the owner was shot and killed. 18, protest government emerging from difficult coffee shop and restaurant owners are more difficult for accused with non-smoking measures have serious repercussions on the ruling party following elections would not take the threat of Iran has been released.
Although I am not a smoker myself, I understand that many smokers feel we have gone too far in restricting their right to enjoy tobacco. A complete ban on smoking in public is needed to protect people from passive smoking. First, Society accepts that adults can decide to harm themselves to some extent, so long as they do not harm others. But Passive smokers do choose to breathe in other people's smoke. If they do not want to smoke passively, they do not need to go to places where smoking is allowed. There is therefore no reason to ban smoking in public. Second, in many places, there are no non-smoking restaurants. These days It's banned in Korea, in restaurants, pubs and inside in all public places, that more than enough, banning it outside is going way too far. However All people have rights, and we cannot limit them. Because smoking is the own choice of every man, it would be very intolerant behavior if people against smoking will limit them. But there is some decision in such hard situation. In restaurants it should be smoking parts, where smokers can smoke and do not disturb others. Its good way for all people. In summary, smokers may know well that their smoking in public places and restaurants leads to a flood of complaints from nonsmokers. Everyone has the right to be safe and healthy in their restaurants, but this basic right can be infringed by smoking. Because of these, smokers must accept the fact that they do not have the right to pollute the air other people inhale, and that restrictions must be placed on their right to smoke
About Smoking at the restaurants Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, various people come to restaurants. The weak person is among various people - like baby, old man, pregnant woman. It is very harmful for them. Other cancers are also affected by cigarette smoke. Smoking is little short of murder. It is not only killing you but also others. Second, it is against etiquette to smoke at table. I don't care if you smoke but you must observe the proprieties. I don't want to go to the place where fill with cigarette smoke. Cigarette smoke is sewage to non-smoker. It is equate to have dinner in the toilet. Good manners are important for human relationship. They have no right mess up my lunch or dinner time. I want to eat delicious food, not cigarette smoke. This two reason are why I am against smoking at the restaurants. Restaurants purpose is to eat. It is not smoking place. If you don't want to be murderer, you don't smoke at the restaurants. If you don't able to have your precious meal time at the toilet, you don't smoke at the restaurants. I want you remember why Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants.
I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Most of the restaurants have smoking zones. Smokers go there and eat or drink. We don't have right to prevent their right that smoking. Instead of banning smoking at the restaurants, we have to make a rule that smokers and non-smokers can agree. I think if smokers do not realize smoking zone and smoke everywhere and then it causes bad effect, they should receive penalty. Of course, smoking is bad, but spitting on the pavement is the worst. Smokers in Korea spit phlegm on the pavement after smoking. It drives me crazy. It sounds dirty and looks weird. I think smokers don't realize that it looks and sounds dirty, and it's not care for other people. Thus, we should have rules for people who smoke and spit phlegm on the pavement. I heard that schools try to teach that, but it is not good, so we have to make institute for smokers and how it feels and property of it. I think unconditionally, banning smoking causes bad effect, we have to make rules to handle nation fairly, so we should listen to opinions of both.
I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at all of the restaurants because of following reasons: Banning smoking at all of the restaurants cannot stop people smoking at the public place which has more serious problems; the owner of the restaurant might have difficulties when customer smokes at the restaurant. Firstly, smoking at the restaurant shouldn't be banned because if smoking at the restaurant is banned, they would smoke the outside of the restaurant which has serious problems such as indirect harm toward people who don't smoke as much as smoking inside of the restaurant. Therefore it's no use banning smoking at all of the restaurants. The other reason for being disagree with the idea that smoking at the restaurant should be banned is that the owner of the restaurant would encounter difficulties if the customer smokes at the restaurant. Even if smoking at the restaurant is banned, some people might smoke at the restaurant. This situation would make the owner as well as other customers uncomfortable and persuading not to smoke would be difficult to the owner. Therefore it would be not beneficial to ban smoking for the owner of the restaurant. To conclude, I completely disagree with people who claim that smoking at all the restaurant should be banned due to Banning smoking at all of the restaurant cannot stop people smoking at the public place which has more serious problems; The owner of the restaurant might have difficulties when customer smoke at the restaurant. Some people would disagree with my opinion because smoking at the restaurant is harmful for people's health. It could be. But it would be better if the restaurants make sections for non-smoke people and for smoking people instead of banning. Therefore smoking at the restaurant shouldn't be banned.
I absolutely agree with a prohibition of smoking in all the restaurants. It's the fact that has been already proved smoking affects all the people around smokers. Even though the fact is it, Korea doesn't have suitable law. I watched a programmer about smoking in public area. Once, a baby who was passing under the balcony was damaged his eyes by ash. It means smoking in public area is very dangerous and harmful for anyone around them. It's obvious smoking cause cancer people who don't smoke, near the smokers. When I was in Ireland for 8 months, I saw many Irish smoking. But it was outside. Even in the pubs, they didn't smoke because it was a law. I was so impressed that feel need to have a law in Korea as well. It's not forcing smokers to stop smoking. They need to avoid smoking in public area. We can make some area or place outside the restaurants for smokers. I think it should be banned not just in all the restaurants, in all the public area because the opinion you mentioned does not completely force them to stop it. So, the opinion I mentioned is not so strong law when we consider the danger of its harm.
Restricting smoking at all restaurants is controversial, since although non-smokers may think this is a good idea, smokers naturally may not. It may also be seen as an interference with people's freedom. Different cultures may have varying attitudes as to whether business or governments have the right to ban smoking in all restaurants. Such bans may be beneficial by reducing the costs to society of smoking such as litter and health care. But it is going to reduce tax revenue and discourage the group such as cigarette companies. But banning smoking in the restaurant may not be a good idea. Because smokers may feel uncomfortable. Also passive smoking can cause objection to get freedom for smoking. In addition, smoking may bring some benefits to society, for example, in tax revenue and about the pleasure of smokers. And there is no reason why the disadvantages of allowing smoking don't outweigh the advantage. As a smoker I believe that restricting smoking in all restaurants is not a good idea. Because it can cause the problem bans limit smoker freedom. It challenges to the right which is protected by the constitution. That is why I don't support smoking ban at all restaurants strongly.
The Smoking should not be allowed in a restaurant. A restaurant is a place where people eat a meal. Hygiene is very important in a restaurant. But smoking in a restaurant pollutes the air inside. Air pollution can harm either smoker or nonsmoker. Cigarette smoke is harmful for human. There are numerous harmful elements. Particularly, the child in a restaurant is vulnerable these elements. Smoking can prompted a disease such as lung cancer. The Smoke is fatal to people. Especially second-hand smoking is injurious to nonsmoker's health. Many of people hate the smell of cigarette. They have to bear the smell while they have a meal. This is unfair for nonsmoker in it. And, it is also damaged restaurant's image. If the store be enveloped the smoke, the customer feel displeasure and then they don't go there anymore. Eventually the intended damage is raised. Smoking is an action that affect bad effect not only smoker but also the other. Therefore it should not be permitted to smoking in a public area like a restaurant. Smokers have to know why smoking should not be allowed in a restaurant. And they keep the manners in a cafeteria. Then people have meals comfortably.
I agree. Smoking in public places that would inflict damage to another person. We smoke while in others physically and mentally to the damage. A place with me because everyone else should have manners and can be used together. Tobacco is the cause of cancer in the world. There are also addictive. In addition, for the other party is known to cause cancer even more. We begin to think that smoking in public places would not think it is not good? So, most restaurants do not harm others in order to create a separate smoking area. We know. Smoke than those who do not smoke a lot of people are dying of lung cancer. What these words mean? We always drink the smoke of smokers are living proof. Smokers breathe in the smoke through the filler, but we unfiltered cigarette smoke, but we make than prohibiting smoking that makes people off the premises. In other words, we not only restaurant anywhere else in the smoking area to prevent damage to other people should try to smoke. But we all live alone and do not forget to live together. And then I care to others is a habit. Ten kinds of behavior always occur when one kind of behavior should remember that.
When I was young, I do not like smell of smoking. Because smell of smoking is not good. I did not know why people are smoking. But I go to the college I saw many people who is smoking. I do not like smell of smoking, but I am tried to understand smoker. Averter then I thinks that smoking is a one of the liking. Just like we drink coffee. However second-hand smoking is an incoming problem. We cannot ignore this problem. Therefore smoking is able to be allowed in designated area. Maybe smoker experience inconvenience because of this. But it is an important thing for people who are not smoking. However quitting smoking cigarettes is a best method. I know that quitting smoking cigarettes is not easy. But I want to recommend smoker to quit smoking cigarettes. Because it is harmless for people who is near smoker and quitting smoking cigarettes is good for smoker's health. Smoking makes diseases. There are many dangerous diseases. So it will be great that we find another way that our stress is relaxing. For example doing exercise or listening pop music is good. I hope that this method will be a good help.
At present, in many restaurants have a smoking room and no-smoking room. But no-smoking person see the smoke scene in smoking room. No-smoking person feel bad because hate smoking. Indirect smoking is bad for everyone. In restaurant, people eat food and talk with friends or family. Smoking person doesn't have to smoke in restaurant. Nowadays wherever we go, we can find people smoking even it is prohibited to smoke. Many countries are trying to stop people from smoking in restaurant and have some rules. I think it is a good rule. There are several lessons that I support this rule. In some countries, people are no longer allowed to smoke in many public place and restaurant. Restaurants are the places where many people are eating or staying around. The places have to be comfortable and very clean. If people start to smoke, the places might be full of smoke and the non-smokers would feel unpleasant. There would be full of cigarettes smell and left over cigarettes all over the floor. By this, numerous people who are summing to the places would not have pleasant time and good rest. This cigarette smoking can affect non-smokers It has been already found that cigarette smoking is much bad for the non-smokers. Second hand smoking is breathing in the smoke from other people's cigarettes.
Smoking is somewhat very controversial issue in the modern society. There are people who claim that smoking in the public places must be banned by the law and who claim that habits like smoking should not be limited by the law because it is violating people's individual right. They argue whether it is a freedom of people or a habit that harms lots of "innocent" people; non- smokers. What I think is that smoking is not banned by the law at the first place. It shoulder be perfectly a decision that people make by themselves whiter they smoke or not. However, since indirect smoking is known as very harmful to people and there are people who cannot even handle the specific smell of cigarette and tobacco, the smokers should aware these facts and respect these non-smokers. Shortly, as well as non-smokers respect them and let them smoke wherever and whenever, the smokers also must respect the non-smokers, because even though smoking is allowed by the law, their choice to harm their body can also harm other people who do not choose to harm themselves. Habits like smoking should be respected and laws are not to violate any individual rights as loon as these habits are not to affect other people.
Smoking is very harmful our health. Recently, the government has increased taxes to discourage smoking. And The government's move is part of worldwide efforts to reduce smoking rates. It says the increases are meant to discourage smoking. That means we're gonna have to quit smoking. In the restaurant, For Instance every sits are non-smoking sections. That is a Korea government's policy. But many Restaurants are indifferent to this policy. Sometimes When I entered a restaurant, the restaurant's has a hazy air. So I don卒t feel well. I agree to a government's proposal. I crusaded to ban smoking. But it was a seemingly impossible thing because there are many smokers in Korea relatively. Therefore we launched a crusade to ban smoking more hardly. Korea's prohibition of smoking education is a little short. So we have a correct understanding of prohibition of smoking. Korea's government should introduce to prohibition of smoking. For example, When We smoking cigarette at public places, Policeman will invoke economic sanctions against. Like a penalty (more penalty). Also we're recognition will heighten of smoking. And Korea's government will make a smoking area in the middle of road. A Smoker has human rights too. We must respect the human rights of other people. So we think more carefully and deal with a matter about smoking.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't agree on this topic. Well, first, I'm not smoker. And I don't like smoking. But all of the world, it has the smoker and non-smoker. Also, people are having the right of freedom. This begin so, they have the right to smoke. But, it is important one thing. They should not be harm for non-smoker. Of course, smoking is harmful the most of people. Most restaurants have smoking section and non-smoking section. But, it is others don't. All restaurants have smoking section and non-smoking section. That must be expected. Because, the restaurants in the smoking people and non-smoking people. The restaurants having the smoking section is not harmful to nonsmokers. That is the rule designated. The rule is all the restaurants have smoking rooms. And second rule, they should be monitored the kids keep smoking areas. Because, smoking a most of harm to children. When it is not the rules, they deserve punishment. It is that. They must pay fine. Because, non-smokers' rights of living in the clean environment. Therefore, we should be rights of non-smokers. Thus, all of the country restaurants should have the smoking section. Smoking section is certainly having the restaurants. Therefore, I don't agree on this topic.
Smoking must be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It's not should be banned, it must be completely banned. As you know, there are so many smokers live in our world. And also there are few non-smokers live here. But you see, there is no place for non-smokers. Smokers always smoke almost everywhere, they smoke in bus stop, terminal, toilet, school. . . It's difficult to find non-smoking place. Why always minority has to endure by majority? It's not fair. You know, we always heard about that secondhand smoke is not good. But if smokers smoke inside, it's worse than smoke outside. Especially, in restaurant? Uh-oh, never. There are pregnant women in restaurant. It's the worst thing to fetus. I know, I maybe a little extremist but it am about ethic problem. Well, maybe it's just the matter about one cigarette, however; more think about it. What about if your child is deformity, and you are not a smoker and your spouse also, and it's not your fault? Who could recompense this matter? No one. Your fault is just eaten with your spouse or alone in the restaurant which is allowed smoking. So, what do you think? I think that's why I insist smoking must be completely banned at all restaurants.
These days, a lot of people are smoking on the street. Even the teenagers are smoking, too. In some stores to increase sales of tobacco to anyone younger than teenagers are selling is. Smoking is harmful to adults. But as well as harmful to the growth came early and easy to geriatric to teenagers. Then, what are the ingredients in cigarettes cause disease at? Tobacco had carbon monoxide, tar, nicotine, etc. We are contains many harmful substances. Among these, carbon monoxide, tar and nicotine cigarettes are three kinds of ingredients. Tar is especially bad. Carbon monoxide has been known by the smell of coal. These substances are in tobacco makes disorders, cancer, aging. I am opposed to smoking in restaurants. Tobacco is not very good. There is not smoke in restaurants. There are too many reasons. First, there are many Non-smokers. They do not smoke. If you smoke beside them, they will feel bad. Second, restaurants are come in children and pregnant women. If you are smoking there, Babies and young children is too much bad influence. Tobacco contains an ingredient that is not good for you. Tobacco is bad influences to me. So I am opposed to smoking in restaurants
Millions of people in this world are the great smokers. It is true that everyone have rights to do anything what they want to do, but in the condition that "the things" mustn't disturb other's rights. That's why people should not smoke in the public area where there has a lot of people. Restaurant for example, there is no way for the smoke to pass through from inside out. And of cause, smoking creates a lot of pollution. The smoke as a pollutant is extremely hazardous to human body. It makes we breath harder also effected to our eyes too. People who breath the in smoking area oftenly have a higher risk to get the lung cancer, because the chemical compounds in cigarette are poisonous. Do we want our children live in the higher risk to the bad illness? The risk that they may loose their parents before the right time? Now it's the appropriate time to start the new era. Smoking should be completely banned in all over public area such as restaurant, garden , school or even in the office. It's time for revolution!
Do you like cigarette smoking? Are you happy when you eat a dinner with smoke smell? Almost people (both smoker and non-smoker) have an experience that they got angry at a restaurant and a bar due to smokes. At a recent, at many public spaces (such as government and public offices, high-rise buildings, markets), smoking zones are separated from common places. Unfortunately, many restaurants and bars allow smoking behavior at indoor yet. However, I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants and bars because it might disturb others meal time and it can threat the people who are in those places. Smoking is behavior that gives other people trouble. Almost non-smokers hate the cigarette smoke, so they cannot enjoy their meals because of that smell. Restaurants and bars are not a personal space, but a public space. From my experience, I once went to a restaurant. Someone who sits down beside me started smoking. I could not eat well due to that smoke. I think such a behavior is very rude to the others. If smoker has a right to smoke, then non-smoker also has a right not to suck it. Moreover, it can be very harmful to a pregnant women or an old person who eat a meal or drink alcoholic drinks in that places. Another reason is dangerousness of a fire. Restaurants or bars are the isolated places from outdoor. It means if fire accidents occur in that places, many people might die. Because fire can be occurred easily by a cigarette butt, especially in a bar.
When I go to the restaurant, I often see some people who smoke during the meal. Although the restaurant is designated as non -smoking area, Some impolite people smoke and damage to other people. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurant in the country. Restaurant is a public place. We should be good mannered in public area. It is impolite to smoke in the public area. We go to the restaurant not to breathe the smell of cigarette but to have delicious meal. when I smell cigarette during meals, I feel very bad because I could not taste the food. The smell of smoke have a bad effect on the taste of the food. Moreover, we experiece indirect smoke in the restaurant. Indirect smoke can be as harmful as smoke. Recently, some restaurants are divided into smoking and non-smoking area and others are not allowed to smoke. But some people smoke in the non- smoking area or we often smell the ciagarette from the smoking area. segregation of smoking and non-smoking area is not effective. In this reason, we need intensive control. So I think that smoking in the restaurant should be completely banned for the healthy meals. .
There are a lot of smoke-free areas at restaurants, cafes, movie theatre, and pubs in many countries. Some countries hold that smoking in public places should be forbidden by law for people's health, while others insist that people have the rights to smoke even in public places in terms of freedom, economic effects, and overestimated data. However, smoking should be banned in public places all over the world since passive smoking could cause serious health problems and the policy prohibiting smoking in public places could help smokers reduce or quit smoking, enhance performance in workplaces and be helpful in terms of economic effects and the people's rights. Second hand smoke in public places could harm people's health. It could have been associated with a lot of diseases such as bronchitis, asthma, lung cancer and heart disease. Especially, passive smoking is dangerous for pregnant women, fetuses and children. According to an article, second hand smoke can reduce the chances of getting pregnant and increase the risk of pregnancy complications. In addition, second hand smoke can cause miscarriage. All in all, although some countries allow smokers to smoke in public places in terms of freedom, economic effects, and overestimated data, smoking should be prohibited in public places all over the world. That is because second hand smoke could cause a lot of dangerous diseases, and the no-smoking policy in public places could give smokers a motivation to reduce or quit smoking, increase performance in workplaces, and be efficient in terms of the people's rights and economic effects. These merits make more countries try to forbid smoking in public places.
It is an issue that smoking should be completely banned or allowed at all the restaurants in the country. Some people think that it takes away smoker's freedom to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country, but I disagree with the point of view. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are tree reasons. Firstly, it makes the place unsanitary to smoking at the restaurants. It smoking at the restaurants is allowed, it will be dirty on the table or floor because cigarette butt or ash drops here and there. Then, we should have dinner in dirty condition. Secondly, smoking at the restaurants brings on danger. For example, if smoker does not put out a cigarette, a fire can take place at the restaurants. In addition, if children touch the light of a cigarette, they can get burnt in the hand. Also, despite dropping cigarette ash on the dishes, people can eat the food by mistake. As a result, people may have a stomachache or catch a disease. Thirdly, smoking at the restaurant makes other uneasy. If smoking is allow at the restaurants, the space will be full of smoke and it can make eyes and throat sore. Smoke will bother people who want to enjoy and relax their time at the restaurants and people visiting with family will also feel unpleasant due to smoke. For these reasons, I think smoking should be forbid at all the restaurants in the country.
Smoking is very dangerous for our health. There are only disadvantages of smoking I can find. I can't find any single advantage of smoking. Well, smokers will tell us lots of benefits of smoking. Some of them are smoking makes you relax, smoking reduces stress etc. . . In the whole world, there are lots of smoking people. They tend to smoke whenever they want, wherever they can. This pattern of behavior appears even in a restaurant. Regardless of what the reason maybe, restaurant is the place where many people enjoy food and talk with their important person. Such place especially a restaurant; smoking should be banned at all in the country. There are lots of non-smokers as the number of smokers. Smokers have right to smoke whenever they want, but non-smokers have right to get clean air. In addition to this point, a restaurant is sensitive place since there is food area. If the nicotine which is contained in cigarettes infiltrates food, non smokers are exposed to bad effects of smoking such as carbon dioxide or other chemicals. Consequently, non smokers are indirect damaged from smoker's interoperated smoking. So for minimizing these losses, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
There are still remained restaurants which permit smoke in the hall area, but most restaurants are changing. It is not only because of legal issue. As all of us already know, nobody wants to smell it even though they are smokers. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. We can think about the health at first. Smoking affects not only the smoker but also the people around the smoker, so it is not smoker's own problem. People have their rights to say no in this situation. However, if it is happened in certain restaurant, it can be more seriously. Smelling the smog is not so pleasant for non-smokers or even smokers sometimes. It is very disgusting and can never be welcomed at all. Smokers should know this and they should care others when they smoke. Therefore, it is necessary to make a law to control this problem. Every people should keep their health even though it's indirect one. When smokers smoke, they should care others too. Even if banning smoking in the public area is trend these days, it sometimes happens. We should make the law to keep everyone's health from the damage of smoking. Because of these reasons, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country at least.
According to statistical materials, the rate of people smoking tobacco is becoming increase more and more rapidly. Nowadays, we can easily find some signs of non-smoking area or stopping smoke in this area in many places such as school, company, restaurant and so on. Smoking is harmful to everyone. I strongly agree on this topic, that is, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the restaurants are the places where people can eat some meal. Someone make people feel unhappy as smoking in the restaurants. Since the smell of smoking is not a good, people cannot breathe well in there. Second, the tobacco is a harmful thing to our health. It is not good to anyone who smoking or not. The bad thing must be banned by law or anything. Third, there are smoking areas in the side of the restaurants with changing social perception only for smokers. This is a good way to avoid harm to non-smokers. In conclusion, I think that smokers are banned in the restaurants in the way smoking area. The smoking is not a good thing, so stopping is good for everyone. In looking at above three reasons, I strongly agree on this topic.
I am convinced that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons why I feel this way. First reason for my argument is that second smoking is very harmful to children and the elder. Second reason is that smoking at the restaurants can give displeasure to nonsmokers. First, second smoking is harmful to children and the elder. Of course, smoking is harmful to every person, but children and the elder can get serious health problem. They are weaker than normal adults, so they should be protected from smoking. Specifically, at the restaurant, , even if children respire smoking smoke, moving table is difficulty when they have lunch of dinner, so they cannot avoid second smoking. Therefore, at the restaurant, smoking should be banned for health of children and the elder. Moreover, smoking at the restaurant can give displeasure to nonsmokers. Specifically, smell of smoke is too strong, so this smell can spoil cuisine. Every cuisine has special own smell and taste, so many people eat out for enjoying food's features. However, if someone who sits next seat smokes, this strong smoke pretend others from enjoying cuisine because of mixing smoke and food smell. This rude behavior can degrade other's eating pleasure. For above reasons, I strongly claim that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
Recently, government have punished smoker, and have expanded prohibition area of smoking. It is the result of changing awareness that government should protect the right of smoker because the government sells the cigarette to them. However, this concept has changed by expanding awareness that indirect smoking is very dangerous both smoker and non-smoker because the smoking threaten the health of people by causing cancer or bad disease in direct or indirect way. In this situation, some smokers complain about the area of forbidding smoking because there is no area to allow smoking, so they insist that smoking is allowed at least in restaurants. However, I strongly oppose their opinion. The restaurant is public space, not smoker's space. If the government allows to smoker in restaurant, many heavy smokers will be smoking at there, so non smoker will pervade their right of health because indirect smoke is also dangerous. Like the smoker want to smoke in restaurant, non smoker want to not smell smoke of cigarette. Therefore, I agree on the prohibition area of smoking in order to protect non smoker right.
It has been a controversy on smoking in a public place for a long time between smokers and non-smokers. In Korea, smoking is now banned at most public places, such as inside of a building or a restaurant. However, there are still a lot of places, especially, restaurants, have a smoking area for their customers. Smokers say that they have a right on smoking and it should be respected. Yet, I strongly claim that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Korea for several reasons. First, smoking at a restaurant causes the victims by secondhand smoking. While some restaurants have a smoking area separated from non-smoking area, most restaurants have it, but not separated. Consequently, it causes of making the secondhand smoking environment and exert a bad influence upon the health of non-smokers. Restaurant is one of typical public places opens for everyone includes children. To them, secondhand smoking is fatal on their health. If smoker claim for the right of smoking to be respected, the right of non-smokers to breathe fresh air should be guarantee as well. Second, it causes children to have a wrong perception of smoking and be a potential smoker. Childhood is the time to learn anything very fast and get used to what they see. If they are exposed on adults smoking, they would be easily getting used to it. Moreover, they might get a wrong perception think that smoking is cool, so try to smoke in the end. Once children get used to it and fixed on their mind, it is hard to change it. This is why smoker should not insist their right on smoking at a public place. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at the all restaurants in our country because of its bad influence on the health of non-smokers and on children mentally. Smokers do not deserve to threaten the right of non-smokers.
Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in this country for the following three reasons. First, restaurants are places where people eat food, and the disgusting smells of cigarettes hinder the proper taste and smell of the food served at the restaurants. The smell does not even disappear quickly no matter how much ventilation is provided. Second, secondhand smoking is very harmful to everyone's health. No one has the right to harm other people's health. Smoking in public places is an extremely selfish act, and it should rightfully banned by the law. It is ironic that even those who smoke do not want to smell the smoke from other people. Recent studies say that people who die from secondhand smoking reaches up to about 60 million people throughout the world. Third, restaurants are places for families. A lot of children come to these places to enjoy their meals. Smoking in restaurants not only harms these children, but it also gives negative effect for their education. Children, who see people violating other people's rights from their childhood, have higher chances to do exactly the same thing when they grow up. Restaurants can be places where even the families with infants can come.
I cannot agree more that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country for two major reasons. For the first, smokers do not have any right to disturb non-smoking people while having a meal. Once people smoke in a space, the smell prevails in the space for a long time no matter how much effort is made to remove it. The smell and smoke can reduce other people's appetite and make them feel bad while eating. It is proved that eating something in a bad mood can cause health problems. Even though smoking and non-smoking areas are separated, there is likely to be the smell of cigarette since it leaks while the door is being opened or closed. Secondly, smoking not only pollutes the air in the restaurant, but also can make the place unhygienic. Food and ingredients can absorb the smell and smoke, which is definitely not good for both taste and hygiene. Besides, ash is generated while smoking and often moves in the air. As the ash is not easy to see since it is small particles, people might not recognize the ash falls on their food. Consequently, they may come to eat the ash with the food. How horrible! Therefore, smoking should be prohibited at all cost in every restaurant.
For food, not only taste and decoration of food, but also smell of it are very important. When people smoke at restaurants, people cannot smell the food because the smell of cigarettes ruins the smell of food. It makes people lose their appetite and they will not be able to enjoy the food and atmosphere. Moreover, when the other customers come into restaurants which are filled with smoke and cigarette smell, not the smell of food, they will feel uncomfortable. Smoking at restaurants is unhealthy for non smokers who smell the cigarettes. According to some scientific researches, second hand smoke can cause diseases. There are not only smokers but also non smokers at restaurants. Since restaurants are public places, people should not harm anyone under the pretext of freedom. Some people claim that smoking in restaurants doesn't have to be banned and suggest making smokers' area. However, this idea would not make waiters and waitresses free from second hand cigarettes since they still have to serve food to customers in smoking area. All in all, smoking should be banned in all restaurants for the pleasure of dinning and for all people's health including smokers.
Smoking at not only restaurants but all the public places should be banned by law. It is very harmful to smoker him or herself but it is much more harmful to people around the smoker. While and after people smokes they makes terrible odor, making people feel disgusted. Particularly in restaurants people rest while having their meal. More than just eating, people do many things at restaurants. They talk with each other, date, relax, enjoy foods that they can't have at home, and relieve stress. If people just want to fill their stomach at restaurants, they don't have to go there and just eat at home. Also, people share a space called restaurant together. It is not a separated place like hotel rooms. At this shared place, people should be polite and not deprive others' right to spend their time in comfort at the place. People who don't smoke usually don't like the smell of smokers and hate it when somebody smokes around them and let them breathe in noxious cigarette smoke. If it happens at restaurant, where they spend money to eat and rest, it is definitely invading other peoples' right. Therefore, smoking at the restaurants should be outlawed.
In the past decade, many developed countries have recognized the harmful effects of smoking and made legal regulations about smoking. For instance, the U. S. forbids anyone to smoke indoors, while Japanese law bans smoking on the streets. Korea has made some changes as well, forbidding smoking in public places such as school and bus stop. However, there are no regulations for restaurants yet, which causes many discomforts for non-smokers. Korean culture has been especially generous for smokers. One can smoke in many restaurants, especially the ones with grilling facilities. Smoking is also allowed in many coffee shops with smoking zone, in most karaoke, and in almost every bar. However, now that the harms tobacco can cause are known in public, non-smokers need to hold up their basic human right to be healthy. It would be the best to ban smoking at all restaurants, but considering smokers' own rights and interests of the tobacco products corporation, this could take forever. Instead, non-smokers need to take a slower, but steadier route. The difficulty of separating smoking-zone from the regular dining place is not so much of a work. All a restaurant needs to do is to either make a enclosed smoking area in the shop or to limit the smoking zone only to the outside terrace. The government can take a part, too. The government can increase the tax rate for tobacco products, which will reduce the number of smokers eventually. The small steps will lead to a complete ban of smoking not only at restaurants, but also at any other indoor places.
Should smoking be banned at all the restaurants? These day, many public place ban the smoking. This policy may be good for the nonsmoker. But in case of smoker, it may be inconvenient and unfair situation. However, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And there are two reasons for that. Smoking is harmful for nonsmokers too. So nonsmokers can be damaged their health although they do not smoke. It is very serious problem for nonsmoker. And if smoker smoke near at nonsmoker and then nonsmoker feel one's heartbeat faster or have cough suddenly, it is responsible for the smoker that. And many nonsmokers don't like the smell of the cigarette. So especially at restaurant, the smell of the cigarette can make people's appetite diminished. And it is bad manner of the public place. Therefore smokers should consider the nonsmoker at the public station like the restaurants. Smoking can make nonsmoker unpleasant and harm the nonsomker's health. So although smoker feels some inconvenience for the policy, they should avoid smoking at all the restaurants.
Have you ever smoked? If you say No, you cannot stand the smell of smoke. I am non-smoker, so I agree the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking in the restaurants is not good for other people's health because of second-hand smoking. Even outside of building, smoking occurs second-hand smoking. In the restaurant, it is really small place. If smoker smokes in the restaurant, the damage can be much bigger. For non-smoker's health, smoking at all the restaurants in the country should be banned. Next, smoking in the restaurants can have a bad effect on the foods. Especially the smell of smoke reduces the taste of other people's food. And also smell of smoke makes people lose their appetite. As a result, the restaurants can get damage by smoker. So we need to ban smoking in the restaurants for enjoying the taste of food. In conclusion, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of preventing the second-hand smoking and stopping the bad effects to food. I want to enjoy the meal in a pleasant surrounding at all restaurants in the country.
These days, as the zeal for children's education is getting higher, the interest in where to raise their children is increasing, too. However, I strongly believe that it is better for children to grow up in a big city. The city will benefit children with building their goals through diverse experiences and generous attitude toward others by friends from various backgrounds. First of all, children can set more specified dream through plenty of experiences. For example, there are a lot of exhibitions or cultural events held in the city. Due to the excellent transformation system which the city boasts of, they can go to those facilities without any burden. The easier approach to them will help the city's children broaden their knowledge and consequently, children can find their real interests earlier and easier. This is not just good for the children themselves. This also brings positive effect on the country. After the children in the city grow up, they can be socially important person. Second, due to the feature of the city, children can meet friends from diverse backgrounds which can lead the children to develop the flexibility in their social relationships. Originally, cities are made of people from all around the country. There are diverse kinds of person who has different life values and thinking styles. Growing up with them will naturally make the children more generous to the people who have different value and a broad minded person. In conclusion, I highly believe that a big city is better for children to be raised. Not only is it good for the educational aspect, but also it is beneficial for the personal aspect. Therefore, these are the most convincing reasons for my belief.
A cigarette is regarded as a favorite food so smoking that is enjoying the favorite food is not illegal behavior. However, there have been many countries which ban smoking in public places. I' also think smoking in public places should be banned especially in the restaurants. I want to talk about the reasons in two aspects. First reason is that not being exposed to smoking is definitely one's right like the right to smoke for the smokers. If we have to make order on what should be preceded by among the two rights, I think it is the first not to be exposed to smoke. Therefore, people can enjoy their meal without smelling cigarette smoke in restaurants as well as other public places. Second reason is that smokers should not make harm on other people to enjoy their favorite food. There are other more important things such as others' health and feeling than smoking. So smoker should keep enough distance from non-smokers when smoking. I don't mean everyone should stop smoking in every place. What I mean is non-smokers' right should be first, not the smokers'. To keep non-smokers' right and health, I think there should be restrictions on smoking in some public places.
I totally agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Maybe it would sound unfair and hard of people who smoke. Personally, as a nonsmoker, I strongly believe that smoking should be prohibited at restaurants. The main reasons are as follow. First, I consider that second-hand smoking is worse than direct smoking. If someone that is a nonsmoker, they have the right to be healthy. However, by the second-hand smoking, this nonsmoker can be seriously affected. Considering the nonsmoker's health, smoking shouldn't be allowed in public places. Another reason is the smoke and the smell. It is really bothering smelling cigarette and being affected by the smoke especially when you are eating. The restaurants are places where food is served and the environment should be thoroughly considered. Finally, smoking should be banned at restaurants because it is a place where everybody can come and go. Smoking is especially bad for kids and pregnant women. We cannot restrict kids and pregnant from coming to restaurants, so it would be good for smokers to stop smoking at the restaurants. The health is the most precious thing we should care about. Smoking doesn't affect only the smoker but also people around.
Smoking is very harmful to not only smoker but also non-smoker, because when smoker smoke himself or herself, it can affect around them. I have heard of passive smoking is more harmful than smoker. I think it is very rude action and It should be banned everywhere. I really want to enjoy having a meal in the restaurant, but always someone smoke there even in the no-smoking area. I have heard that smoker don't like passive smoking. If they don't like it, they should be well-mannered to the others. I think smoking should be completely banned at the street. While I walk in the street, I have got unexpected passive smoking. It makes me feel really bad, and get angry. Whenever I meet a person who is smoking in the street, I want to tell them stop smoking while you are walking in the street. Making a section in which smoker can smoke is the best way to prevent this case. All the building make the smoking area, each street make smoking area will make very clean street and happy street for smoker and non-smoker both. It will help also non-smoker's health not to get unexpected passive smoking.
Being On a Different Footing! A few years ago, I saw an article about banning smoking at all the restaurants. Some people agreed with the opinion, but others didn't. This argument could be a controversial issue. It was really interesting to me. In my opinion, banning smoking at all the restaurants is really helpful for majors. Here are some reasons why I think like this. First at all, there are a lot of people including both smokers and nonsmokers in restaurants. Smokers may think that smoking is one of their rights for their happiness. However, it could be a so selfish thought, because when nonsmokers smell tobacco smoke, the feeling is much more terrible than smokers think. Moreover, the fact that smoking is never healthy not only for smokers but also for nonsmokers. There is no one who wants to be in a bad state of health. Also, restaurant is a place to eat food. If someone smokes in the restaurant, other people in the place would lose their appetites. This issue is often dealt with in some debates. We can find the solution if try to being on a different footing. Smokers can smoke outside, but nonsmokers cannot stop breathing inside.
Should smoking be banned at all the restaurants? Anyone knows the smoking is harmful to many people. Smokers have freedom of smoking but those ranges should not affect to others. Especially in restaurant, I think that it has to be regulated in government level and should be banned. Restaurant is the place that provide the meal to people and they have a comfort time. Smoking injures these people's free time. They have to do not damage to others at least. Also, smoking in restaurant injures people's healthy. The place of eating food should not be the place of eating ashes! Making a smoking room apart from eating place is also excellent method. Then, the satisfaction will be grown up to many people. However, they leaves still many problems. Cigarette smoke, ashes, smell and so on is that. In conclusion, smoking is still harmful to many people. Smokers can do smoke wherever they don't affects to people but in the restaurant, they need to control. I think that smoking should be banned for the many in public place, especially in restaurant.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. first of all, smoking is very bad at our body. well, second-hand worse than smoking directly. because smoker snuffs smoke through filter. but others does not. by the way, smoking in the restaurants, another person is unwanted second-hand smoking. also, when inhale cigarette smoke during a meal, another people can take umbrage and appetite fail. and reek of tobacco can take umbrage. and cigarette ash can drop in food. then there are children in restaurants and pregnant women. cigarette is not good for their health fatally. if smoker smokes outside sacrificially, many people's complaint can get solved. Of cause, smoker's freedom is important. but if smoker considers others, it meets with good results. smoking section can be restaurants separately. but because restaurants is open space, cigarette smoke can be blown a nonsmoking section. Therefore, later, smoking section can be a chip in porridge. so, i think that smoking shuld be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. also, this rule can help to stop smoking. if so, the rule that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country gose for the effect of killing two birds whit one stone.
Everyone wants to have a good healthy life, without getting any diseases. One way to stop from having such a miserable life is to know what is good and bad for your body, and not do what is injurious for you. Many people smoke knowing that it can damage your body pretty easily. However, those same people want to have a life with no pain. Those people do not deserve a right to think about being an existence without agony. I think that is really absurd. God gave us a mind to think for ourselves, and do what is right for us. And expecting to have a great life smoking your lungs out, is really ridiculous and silly. The most substance that is used for a cigarette is tobacco. First it is burned then is inhaled in a person's body. When it settles down and finds a place for it in the lungs, it forms a black hole which leads to lung cancer. Therefore, I really recommend people to stop smoking. You might ask, Then why do people sell cigarettes? Simple. Money. That is the answer. Instead of thinking about other people's health, they need the money. However, from the very beginning of your life, safety and health was the most important thing, and is. Let's say some people don't really care about their own health, so they think its ok. However, smoking also harms the people around you. When you inhale the smoke, you don't keep it in there. You exhale it back out. Therefore, that smoke can affect other people's lungs too. Smoking is the most popular drug use. It is also considered to be addictive. We all don't want to lose our lives like this. It is the best gift you can get. So let's stop doing what is harmful for our body and start caring for it more.
I agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in this country. There are many reasons that support this point of view, but today I want to concentrate on three reasons. Firstly, smoking is harmful for non-smokers. Smokers should have the right to smoke, but it's not reasonable if that right is harmful to others. Obviously, if people smoke in public places, non-smokers have no choice but to become secondhand smokers. Secondly, smoking is a cause of pollution. There is a lot of research that shows that many kinds of gases that are released by smoking and are harmful for the environment, such as tar and carbon dioxide. Everyone knows that now the environment is getting worse and worse. Finally, smokers have other ways to receive nicotine. Nowadays, we have many ways to receive nicotine, such as nicotine gum and nicotine patches. Smokers can use these products instead of smoking. In conclusion, I want to say that there are no reasons left to permit smoking in public places, and I also think that maybe this is the time for people to quit smoking. Banning smoking is not just for us, but for this world and for everyone who has to live in this world after us.
I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, Smoking is not good at our health. Smoke that made of various toxic chemical ingredients is cause of every disease as well as not good at health. Also, Smoking is especially not good at lungs. So, It makes hard to breath during exercise of singing etc. Next, Non-smoking people in restaurant become target of second-hand smoking if we allow smoking in restaurant. I heard that second-hand smoking is more harmful than first hand smoking. Maybe, There is weak person such as children, pregnant women and the elderly in restaurant. And these weak people never want to have second-hand smoking because I think it is very harmful experience for them. These days, almost cafeterias are divided to two places that smoking place and non-smoking place. I think dividing to two places is one of the good way but, It is hard to perfect effect. So, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country if we have smoking room outside of restaurants.
These days in Korea, a big issue is a policy against smoking in public places such as bus stations, public buildings, parks and every public spots. According to this policy, smokers must do not smoking general restaurants as well as all sorts of public places. Most smokers say that it is not fair. However, I definitely think that smoking at the restaurant must be prohibited in country. First, smokers should not forget that the restaurant is the public place. Especially, people of all ages and gender visit here to eat some food for their health and rest. If only one person is unpleasant by a smoker in the restaurant, the smoker's behavior is inconsistant with this space. In the second place, second-handing smoking is a big health hazard in the closed place such as the restaurant. I think it is the most serious ploblem. Many reports show that second-handing smoke can be harmful more than direct smoking, and smoking rooms for smokers and nonsmokers in restaurants are not effective. Finally, the restaurant is the place to eat food above all things. Most people are going to the restaurant for a meal, and they want a smoke-free environment. All of the restaurants are pulic place where nonsmoker's rights should be the first consideration. For the all these reasons, I say that smoking should be prohibited completely in all restaurant in country.
﻿I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because restaurants are places where people eat and most of the time, restaurants are closed areas. Smoking in closed areas would cause passive smokers to inhale as much pollutants as the active smoker. This would cause many health complications to a person. There are so many adverse effects of smoking. The smoke released could also mean that the pollutant particles from the smoke could land up on the food in the restaurant. This is especially unhealthy for the person who consumes the food. It is all the more unhealthy for a person to eat in a confined area especially in restaurants. Another question which arises is that why is it that people should smoke while eating? Restaurants are meant to be a place where people eat. If there should be a place for people who want to smoke, it must be in a special room for people to smoke and not in restaurants. Smoking should never be allowed in restaurants. Restaurants are places for people to eat and not smoke. Thus, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is very unsightly for a restaurant to have people smoking in it.
I agree that smoking is banded at all restaurants in the country. A few years ago, smoking was not important all of us. But now, people's thinking is change. Comedian who is Lee Jug-el, he died of illness that is the lung cancer. Until now I can't forget about that he said to the public about smoking. He was smoking for many years. Before he died, he made an authorized advertising. In an ad, he appealed to people who are smoking for many years. He said when you are smoking; you have to stop smoking, if you don't that that destroys your family and life. For example, a man is smoking at the restaurant; we think that he is polite. When he is smoking, he doesn't mind everybody in the restaurant. If he has a thinking that should take care of his family or friends, he can't smoke there. Now, people don't allow smoke in the building so we can see people who find the smoking area which is outside of building. Also, if someone smokes at the restaurant, cigarette smoke makes the people annoyed. We want to have the food in a fresh air and we don't want to die early because of cigarette smoke. So if you smoke for years, you have to stop smoking for your future, family, and friends.
Smoking has always been issues of our society. Inflation of cigarette, smoking area, secondhand smoke, and etc. All over the world it seem to be quitting smoke one of the way is increasing the cost of cigarette, in South Korea this issue has been talked a lot but not seems to be working bad, recently the cost of cigarette named Dunhill has been raised to reduce rate of the smokers, but people who smoked the Dunhill changed their kind to cheaper ones, Secondly smoking areas are not appointed well this cause people to smoke in bus stops, inside the building, and public areas in Canada it is illegal to smoke inside the building and public areas. This should be put into action in Korea. And the last one is secondhand smoking this issue is related to the smoking area issue I guess most of people know secondhand smoking is worse than smoking, secondhand smoking can cause cancer, skin disease. A person I knew from my youth she was healthy but she died from lung cancer from secondhand smoking her husband was a chain smoker. Me myself too I do not smoke in public areas because I know secondhand smoke is bad and I do not like the way the people see me. Smoking has always been issues of our society.
No smoking" This is a sign that we can see everywhere. Ironically, we can also see many people to smoke easily. Definitely, smoking is the issue in our country and the world. These days many countries ban smoking in the official place and other places. In Korea, we also ban smoking on many places but I think smokers don't care about this rule. I really don't like smoking smell so; if someone smokes in the street my face is going to be frown. I insist that we should make some rules like smokers have to smoke in restricted areas. It is a very great idea I think. Many non-smokers are bothered because of smoking. It is very harmful to people's health and life's habitation. Cigarette is very toxic material so people can't quit easily. I think that cigarette companies should increase cigarette's price then, many people can quit their smoking habit more easily. It is a good idea that advertisers make many ads about no smoking. I hope many smokers can quit their smoking habit to other people are going to be safe everywhere and every time. I don't know well how hard smokers quit the smoking because I'm not a smoker. Although it is very hard to quit the smoking, you should quit as soon as possible to your health. Maybe you can ask doctor to quit your smoking habit if you really want to quit your smoking habit.
I agree with the question. According to the news in the korean TV, from 2013 smokers can not smoke in the public area from 2013. I have four reasons about the question. First of all, if smokers smoke in the restaurant, they influence other customers. Guess other customers in the restaurant eat some food and smokers are smoking next to table, visitors really do not like smells and disgusting. I think it is not good smoking in the public area. second of all, smoking is not good at heath. According to the newspaper I saw, smoking is damaged smokers lung and they can not live long than non-smokers. Smoking take a toll to the lung and prompt cancer of the lungs and lots of disease. Third, if smokers are smoking in restaurant, other non-smokers are damaged from smokers. I mean second-hand smoking. I read some result of the second-hand smoking. It said that non-smokers is damaged if they smell tobacco. What was worse it too day as smoker. I was surprised about that result. Last reason do not smoke in the restaurant is I think the first important thing in the restaurant is clean. If smokers are smoking in the restaurant, lots of place in the store are duty than banned smoking restaurant. Because smoking makes the place duty. Finally I think smoking must injunct in the restaurant.
Smoking. Causing a lot of problems presently to students and adults. I bet our country is one of the places where people smoke the most. Honestly, I don't care whether they smoke or not. But students smoking? That's totally wrong. They're destroying their bodies completely before they even fully become an adult. They probably smoke because they think it makes them look cool. But yes, that is true. It does make certain someone who's smoking look cool. But does looking cool to other people are more worth than their own health? Lots of people regret when they get cancer or they make a hole through their neck. Before then, they can never realize how serious this is. Since smoking started to look cool, it's giving a really bad influence to little kids. The kindergarten children. I mean I saw them smoking not outside but on internet. Spitting saliva out of their mouth. That's not what kids should do. If the government wanted people to make them stop smoking, why didn't they raise the price of the cigarette up to hundred dollars? Who would dare to buy that? That would really help stop smoking. But then again cigarettes bring a lot of profit to our land. It cigarettes become illegal to sell, out country will get a big damage in the financial fees. I guess we can't make those people who smoke stop smoking. I just wish it doesn't get worse than this.
I think it should be banned in public places like restaurants because it causes more than 1000 deaths of lung cancers. Second hand smoke affects pregnant women, children and elderly people more. Smoking is also setting bad examples from teens and young adults. Also, scientists agree that smoking is dangerous. Tobacco smoke can cause cancer, strokes and heart disease. Smoking does not just harm the smoker. It also harms people nearby, who breathe in the smoke called passive smoking. Smokers choose to smoke, but people nearby do not choose to smoke passively. People should only be exposed to harm if they understand the risks and choose to accept them. A complete ban on smoking in public is needed to protect people from passive smoking. Society accepts that adults can decide to harm themselves to some extent, so long as they do not harm others. This is why the proposition is not arguing that people should be banned from smoking in private. Passive smokers do choose to breathe in other people's smoke. If they do not want to smoke passively, they do not need to go to places where smoking is allowed. There is therefore no reason to ban smoking in public.
You are right. I agree with the topic. Smoking is terrible, awful and very bad. Smoking must to be banned at not only restaurant also any public places! But I think smoking has been banned at a restaurant already. Hasn't it? Imagine you eat at a restaurant and someone smokes next to you. I wouldn't eat anything if I were you. You lose both money and health if you smoke. Eventually you pay for disease. What a silly! I work out. So I've never smoked and I don't even drink. But my father has smoked for over 20 years. I worry about his health. Smoking ruins also family. Parents need to stop smoking for the children. Last week I saw something about smoking on a newspaper. The government said that now it's illegal to smoke on a road or a square. I love that. I am done talking about smoking. What else can I say is smoking is worse for other people than the smoker! In addition Smoking makes people stink. Who would want to hang out with smelly person? Right? Ok I need more thirty words. I hate to tell someone stop smoking. So smokers need to stop smoking. Let's quick smoking!
At my childhood, my father always smokes near me. I thanked that smoke was not bad thing. But, at middle school, I saw video that smoking is so bad about people' body and near people. I realized that smoking is so bad thing. I am not smoking but I sure that my body is so bad. Because of my father, I experienced second smoking. I don't care smoking people. But, smoking people must not smoke near not smoking people. When I wait bus at bus stop, I smelled smoking due to smoking people. It is so bad that smoking near not smoking people. Sometimes, I went to restaurants, cafes and campus. I think that smoking is unpleasant thing. Government must make not smoking parts and smoking penalty system. When I will adult, I will ban smoking to my children. Because it is so bad to mom with baby. Smoking is also banned in playground and kindergarten. It gives benefits which are body healthy. I saw television that a famous comedian was so dead because of smoking. I was so scared when I saw his death. I go to computer fee room, I always feel smoking smell. Smoking is removed forever.
Nobody agree with smoking is healthy. But there are some of people who don't want to quit smoking. They usually smoke everywhere; even they smoke in public place. I think they are addicted. So if it makes people feel uncomfortable, smoker should be banned from smoking in public place. As you know smoking causes so many disease, like a lung cancer, tuberculosis cancer, etc. it however, is not limits to smoker but second hand smoke do. So. Here is reason that why smoking is banned in public place. First, it causes much disease. If it is banned to smoke in public place, it could reduce people who smoke' rate. As a result, many people could be healthier. It is very easy for second hand smoke to get a disease from second hand smoking. So I think it should be banned to smoke in public place. Second, if it is banned, it could make Cleaner Street. Usually people who smoke throw away on the street. Even though there are so many smoking stands, they don't use that. As if it is very natural act. But I think if it is banned, they couldn't throw away a cigarette. So it would make street clean. Third. If it is banned, it could prevent from a big fire. Sometimes the cigarette you threw away could make a big fire. Of course, there is other fire of origin. But I think if you don't smoke in public place it also could reduce a fire rate. Thus I think smoking in public place is banned by government. If it does not it could make people get disease, it could make street unclean, uncomfortable, also it could make a big fire. So I believe that it should be banned to smoke in public place.
Recently, various laws which are related to smoking have been growing concerns, because non-smoking is sensational issue and second-hand smoking is a big health hazard. Although non-smoking sections such as toilet, public places are restricted, this kind of stuff is going to be expanded. For example internet caf辿, billiard hall, etc. Soon you familiar with word such as 'where is the smoking area?"Excuse me, will you please stop smoking?"There is a smoking section in the back"you can't smoke here. ' While the smokers strongly oppose a rule against smoking, the nonsmoker actively agree to it and are becoming happier. Who hate cigarette smoke often has experience that you change seat or heavily leave in restaurant or public place. Between now and then owing to seeped smell of cigarette on your clothes, you are subjected to a misconstruction as smoker even though you don't smoke. Not only the smoker's right is important but also the nonsmoker's right breathing in fresh air is significant. At this point of increasing concern for health, it is a natural result that smoking place is decreased and smoker's right is diminished while nonsmoker's right is increased. For the family further descendant and environment, smoking area must be expand and harmed second-hand smoking have to disappear.
Some people who are smoking might hastily say that smoking is right for their happy. Because they think smoking can relieve their stress. However I am convinced that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because the restaurants is public places, which coexist smokers and nonsmokers. First of all, you can have second-hand smoking, which is big health hazard. In Korea, the smokers had smoked in nearly everywhere including restaurants, shops and home where their children were growing up. For example, I remember who are died by lung cancer. He is a healthy man who never has been smoke. But he works on the restaurants for long time, which have lots of smokers. So it is harmful smoking at the restaurants. Later, this smoking at the restaurants will make young people are more likely to become addicted to cigarettes. Secondly, other customers might be annoyed by the smell. The smell of smoking is felt sick. But, the smokers cannot catch it. For example, there are people who are talking at the restaurants. Some smokers clean their mouth. However the smell is not easily fade away. Few minutes later, nonsmokers can smells with their nose. So they cannot focus on talking. In this respect, if smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, it seems to be wise decision for all people. In conclusion, for the above reasons, I strongly agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
Teen smoking is on the rise more and more. And teens are smoking much more than ever. Teen smoking affects everyone, not just the teens that do it. If teens don't stop smoking, they should get cancer and die. That could affect a whole entire generation. Also, secondhand smoke could be a problem too. A couple solutions to this problem are to stop the media promoting and to educate teens about smoking and how it's bad for you. The public image of smoking is making teens think it is cool to smoke. Part of making the public image of smoking better is to ban the ads on billboards, and in magazines or anything else that advertises smoking. The teens see those ads and see the people with lots of luxuries like money and friends in the ads and think that if they smoke, they will get those things. If they stop those ads, teens will not think that smoking will help their self image. Another solution would be to stop apparel that promoting smoking. The teens see people wearing those shirts, hats and things and they think that they'll be mature and respected if they start smoking. If the tobacco Companies stop the promotion of smoking on apparel, then they won't see it as something cool. Finally, the action smoking on TV and in movies make smoking look good. If the action heroes and actors stop smoking, then when kids look up to them they promoting smoking. Not as many people will do it.
Are you smoker or not? I am not smoker, because it is totally not good for everything. First, smoking is not good for your health. A smoke cause many diseases like a lung cancer, stroke, and diabetes etc. more than non-smoker. Because cigarette has nicotine, tar, carbon monoxide and others. In particular nicotine is a drag, bad affects the functioning of the heart and arteries. Second, smoking affects other people who are in the same place with you as well as the smoker. That is so disturbed to non-smokers. Especially, the smokers who smoking on the street blow cigarette smoke in non-smokers' face. I think that is one of the selfish and rude behaviors. Third, smoking is not good for your instinct of preservation of the species. Every creature form has an instinct to preserve its own kind. If you are smoker, it will be hard work and have a bad affect on your descendant. I mean your children who will be born. For these reasons, smoking is not good for your whole life. Sometimes, you want to smoke at once when you have a problem or follow your smoker friend, but please remember that do not addict to smoking. As I said, smoking produces all evil and no good.
I partly agree with the idea of banning smoking. Smoking is very harmful for not only smokers but also non-smokers. We can easily see people smoking on the streets. Why do you think they smoke on the streets? I think it's because there aren't enough smoking areas. Even though public places such as big buildings, restaurants, theatres, amusement parks have their own smoking rooms, it's still not enough. Government has been trying to ban smoking, but it's practically impossible. No matter how much government raises cigarette price, smoking population is still increasing. If we really can't stop people smoking, then we should let them smoke under some conditions. First, government should make the strict rules and laws. Non-smoking areas must be expanded, and smokers can only smoke in the smoking areas. Second, if smokers break the laws, they must be applied the strict punishment. However, I'm not pretty sure about banning smoking at all the restaurants. I guess if we ban smoking at all the restaurants, it'll make it worse. Smokers will go outside to the streets and try to find the place to smoke. I think we should find the best solution to protect non-smokers and give a little more comfort zone to smokers.
Smoking has been an issue for a long time already. There is no question that cigarettes are only good for doing harm, but banning smoking at all the restaurants is not a good idea. Rather it's good or not, it is one of the favorite foods. Before we unconditionally ban smoking and advocate non-smoker, we also need to consider the smoker's right. It would be good if there are seats for smokers only. To separate the seats into two kinds, for smoker and non-smokers, can be one solution which is already happening in Korea. If you visit caf辿 or restaurants, you can easily find the seats separated. I think this is the better idea than banning smoking all the areas at restaurants. And it is also good to make a smoking area outside of the restaurants buildings so that the people can smoke and non-smokers don't get harmful effect. My opinion is that we don't have the right to stop smokers so smoking should be allowed. But a guideline or a condition must be followed which is saying "Smoker should not affect non-smoker. " If this condition is kept, I think it is find to leave them smoke. Their health is their responsibility.
Smoking is an expensive habit and it should be banned. Although smokers claim that it helps them to relax and release stress, the negative aspects of the habit outweigh the positive. It is a health hazard for both smokers and non-smokers and it is especially harmful to unborn babies. Cigarettes are also addictive because of the nicotine they contain. Cigarette smoking causes a number of health problems that are expensive to treat. It is a major cause of respiratory diseases such as asthma, lung cancer and bronchitis. It also leads to heart disease. In spite of the money that the Government receives from taxing cigarettes, the cost of medical treatment for these diseases exceeds this income. As a consequence, non-smoking taxpayers are forced to pay for the health costs of smokers. This is a very unfair situation. Another reason for banning smoking is that cigarette smoke affects the health of non-smokers and unborn babies. Non-smokers soften suffer from eye and nose irritations, allergies and headaches as a result of inhaling second-hand smoke. There is also evidence to suggest that passive smoking may cause lung cancer. Smoking during pregnancy can hinder to growth of the fetus and may even result in death. Finally, the nicotine, which is found in cigarettes, is highly addictive. Other addictive substances such as cocaine and heroin are illegal. The fact that tobacco remains legal is an anomaly. Thus, in summary, smoking causes numerous illnesses that are expensive to treat. It disturbs non-smokers and is an unhealthy addiction. Therefore, cigarettes should definitely be banned so as to make the world a better place for everyone.
Today, more and more people come to think of their health seriously, so many smokers decide to stop smoking or non-smokers concern about the effect of second-hand smoking in the public place. As part of the health trend, some people insist that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. However, I don't agree with this opinion for the following reasons. Firstly, we already have a solution about this problem. Many restaurants have separated the seats for smokers and non-smokers. We just sit separated seats with our preference. Secondly, it can limit the freedom of smokers. Smoking habit is not crime but a bad habit for one's health, so we can't limit smoker's freewill although they don't us any harm. Lastly, it is very rigid opinion. We can do a heath campaign or any public advertisement for helping smokers to stop smoking. For these reasons, I totally disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. We have to find a better way that smokers and non-smokers live together harmoniously.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, It reduces harmful effect of second-hand smoking. If smoking is free at restaurants, it may have a bad effect on non-smokers. Especially, the old and the infirm have great damage. Exposure to second-hand smoke can slow children's body growth owing to causing gene modification and easily bring about getting cancer. And it is quite probable that children who are exposed to passive smoke catch the cold. Also, involuntary smoking during pregnancy can cause serious health problems to a fetus. Second, It is because if small place starts banning smoking, our country's may tend to take it for granted that people are non-smoker. These days some people have a hard time resting of life because of lung cancer. They are very sorry that they start smoking. But if we carry out this rule, it can reduce smokers and prevent teen's smoking. For these reasons, I really agree about that. However, of course it may exits a restaurant owners who think that their sales fall. I'd like to tell them, "Having a long-range view is better than only thinking your profits. " And I want all people to be freed of smoking at the restaurants and be healthy.
I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason for this is that the restaurant is a place where everybody eats food for health. In the restaurant, we get some nutrition needed and even we can have mental satisfaction by eating or drinking something. However, if there are some people who are smoking, they are disturbing other people who want to enjoy their meal and take nutritious things. Toxic stuff of the cigarette offends people's right for health who do not smoke at all. This seems impolite and even violent. So, smoking in the restaurant should be regulated. Moreover, it is not good for our children to see smoking in the restaurant. In general, the restaurant is a casual place where children and teenagers can go to eat easily. If they see some adults smoking in this place, they may learn that smoking is not that serious and people can smoke anywhere without regulation or difficulty. Also, children have a strong desire to mimic adults, so they can easily have a chance to smoke by seeing the smoking adults in the restaurant. Therefore, by banning smoking at all the restaurants we can avoid these problems.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country and there are some reasons. Firstly, by prohibiting smoking in public places, we can prevent second-hand smoking. Scientifically, second hand smoking could be more harmful than normal smoking. Because cigarette smoke in the air is pure toxic, so non-smokers can breathe 100% toxicity. It is serious violent that smokers do not recognized. Secondly, banning smoking in public spaces can decrease smokers-rate in the countries. By making smokers pay the fine if they smoke in the public spaces, smoker rate might be decreased. It will be more effective than government advertisement on the cigarette package. Decreasing smoker rate is not personal health related, it is national health related matter. Government should consider banning smoking in the public spaces. Many smokers will say smoking is their right. Of course they are right but they should keep others right to breathe clean air before they insist their rights. Even though cigarette is full of taxes and it is money source of government, annually government and ministry of health wasting heaps of money on advertising stop-smoking. Why do we spend al lot of money on this useless argumentation? We have already very simple and obvious answer. Stop smoking right now.
I strongly support the idea that smoking should be completely banned all the restaurants in the country. There are several reasons which support this idea. First of all, it is very disgusting for other persons in the restaurant. If there is only one person who feels annoyed by the smoking, smoking should be banned. Because smoking is actually harmful neighbor's health, it is dealt with more strictly. For example, in the Singapore, smoking is punished very hardly, because they think it has the possibilities to make other persons health badly. Secondly, smoking in the restaurants makes the atmosphere in the place very awful. The restaurant is the place where people eat the food, and for that reasons, people pay money for the restaurant. Then, is there anyone who eats the food in the dirty atmosphere? To make eating environment clean, all the things in the restaurant should be arranged well. The person who visits the restaurant has the right to expect clean eating environment. In conclusion, I think that smoking should be completely banned all the restaurants in the country, because not only it is very disgusting for people who are not smoking, but also restaurants are the place where people have to eat food in the fresh atmosphere.
Have you ever seen people who smoke in the restaurant? Most people in Korea do not like a person who smokes in the restaurants, so smoking has been banned in most of Korean restaurants. However, there are still some restaurants where people are allowed to smoke. In my opinion, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in this country. The reasons are below. First, other people in the restaurants can feel uncomfortable because of its smell. The smell of tobacco is not good to everybody who is in the restaurant, so some people can feel unpleasant. If you make other people uncomfortable, it is not a good manner. So, you have to stop smoking in the restaurant not to bother other people due to its smell. Secondly, smoking is not good for people who are in the restaurants. If there are some people in a restaurant, smoking can influence other people's health. None of them want to make their body unhealthy due to your smoking. Especially, if there are some women who get pregnant. Smoking may be serious health problems to them. For these two reasons, I think that smoking in the restaurants should be banned. If smoking is banned at all restaurants in Korea, we will be able to enjoy the dish more at the restaurants.
As most of the people know that smoking can harm people who are not smoking but just near the smoking person. They are called indirect smoker who can be affected by the real smoker. More serious fact is that when indirect smoker inhales some cigarette smoke from the real smoker who is just near to them they can be harmed by the smoke materials more than real smokers! It is very unfair to them. They can be just a victim without any kinds of mistake made by them. Therefore smoking must be banned in the all the restaurants. This is the only way that can prevent non-smoker from being affected by real smoker. However all the restaurants have to have a smoking room for the poor smoker who has to go out when they feel like smoking. This room must be rounded by all perfect walls that can keep from ant harmful materials to people in out there. And there, some rules also have to be made for safe. People who are getting out of the room should clean their hands and their outer that they wore in the smoking room must be taken off. This is the fair way both for the smoker and non-smoker.
I don't think it is a good idea to ban smoking in all restaurants. Well, some people might argue that all public places should ban smoking because it affects non-smokers too through second-hand smoking. However, I think differently. I think public places should be places where all people can enjoy their freedom. Restricting smokers to smoke would be depriving their freedom. On the other hand, some people argue that public places are for all and that by allowing smoking, it is upholding only one side of the argument. This is no doubt true, too. By allowing smoking in public places, non-smokers are directly affected by the smoke. They inhale the smok, e and this can be more harmful than smoking cigarette themselves. It is understandable why some people support prohibition of smoking in public places. But, if we ban smoking, that would only be considering non-smokers side too. The smokers are deprived of their freedom in public places. Therefore, it is necessary that we find a way to satisfy both sides. So, for a perfect solution, I think there needs to be a compromise. One of them could be dividing the restaurant into non-smoking area and smoking area. By doing this, smokers can go to a smoking section and enjoy their freedom, while non-smokers can sit in a non-smoking section where they won't get affected by it. Through this way, it can uphold both sides of the argument, and it is fair enough.
The governments all around the world are imposing regulations to discourage people from smoking. Especially, there is one regulation which is controversial between smokers and nonsmokers. One of the regulations which are debatable is that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons supporting the regulation. First, restaurant is a place where people come to have a meal not smoke. Not only smokers but also nonsmokers, especially babies and children visit the restaurant. It is really bad for their health when people smoke. Second, smoking should be banned in the restaurants for its clean environment. When people smoke, the cigarette smoke pollutes the air inside and makes the restaurant murky. Customers will be reluctant to come in to the murky restaurants and want to have a delicious meal in pleasant restaurants. Last, the regulation brings a great benefit to the restaurant owners. They can save replacement costs by not replacing curtain, wallpaper, carpeted floor and furniture often. Also as the fire hazard reduces, the fire hazard insurance premium burden will be greatly reduced for restaurant owners. For these supporting reasons, the regulation should be applied to all the restaurants in the country.
Smoking is a personal habit, which must not violate the others' rights for clean air. Especially in restaurants people want to enjoy their meals in relaxed atmosphere and spend good time. While non-smoking customers are having their meals, the smoking customers should think of others' right to enjoy their time and meals as more important ones than smokers' rights in this case. Because only when one does not violate the others own rights, he can claim his own right. In many coffee shops in Korea, there are many special cells for smoking people, which have tables and chairs. The coffee shops want to protect non-smokers' rights to be separated from the smokers and also satisfy smoking customers at the same time. However, whenever the smoking customers enter and leave the cells, the smoke comes out of the cells and the people outside of the cells can smell the foul scent. It still limit non-smokers' rights for clean air. So I hope the restaurant not to choose the same policy as the coffee shops now have. I want the restaurant have strict policy about smoking in their restaurants in order to protect non-smokers' rights.
I believe smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country and there is one main reason for this which is smoking in the restaurants might affect other non smoking customers in the restaurant. Restaurant is a place where people come to enjoy their meal and as a non-smoker myself one of the worst way of having food is inhaling other person's cigarette smoke with my dish. It is widely known that second- hand smoke is much dangerous for a person's health than actually smoking the cigar itself. This is one of the biggest problem and why I believe smoking should be banned in all places. Non-smokers are hearting their health because of the smokers. Some people might say that banning smoking is against rights of smokers and that they have the right to smoke where ever and whenever they want. However, what about the non-smoker's right? I believe smoker's right should be protected only in a circumstance where non-smoker's right is not abused. If smokers can smoke by not effecting non-smokers 100% then it should not be restricted. However, in a place like restaurant where space is blocked this is most likely to be impossible therefore, I believe smoking should be banned in all the restaurant throughout the country.
Today, many restaurants have smoking area inside or outside their restaurants. The situation has become better compared to the past, some people still smoke inside the restaurant not in smoking area. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, restaurants are public place. Many people use this place for eating something. Smokers make the air not fresh and people feel uncomfortable. Lots of people go to the restaurants for being relaxed as well as for eating. If smokers smoke in the restaurants, non-smokers are interrupted by them. Second, there is a danger of second-hand smoking. Most of restaurants are closed area. When smokers smoke, the smoke affects every other people. It makes people cough and irritated. Non-smokers are suffered from smoking because of some smokers. In particular, smoking directly affects young children and the elder people. Because of this, they can be in dangerous situation. Third, it is a restaurant. Restaurants are the place where people eat something. To maintain the atmosphere clean is the most important thing in restaurants. However, if some people smoke in this place, it pollutes the air in the restaurants and makes the atmosphere dirty. Both the smoke which includes hundreds of dangerous materials and freshness cannot be existed in the same place. For these reasons, restaurants are public place, possibility of danger of second-hand smoking, and for the purpose of restaurants, I agree that smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants in the country.
I strongly agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, smoking is very bad for health. Second, smoke makes me uncomfortable. First, smoking is very bad for health causing some problems such as lung cancer. As a farther of my baby, I am always concerned about my daughter's health as well as my wife. We usually go to restaurants for food and recreation. If someone smokes in the restaurant, this behavior will have a negative impact on my family's health. They have no right to pester our health state, but we have proper right to eat everywhere we want. Out eating behavior doesn't spoil others' health, but smoking does. Second, smoke makes me uncomfortable. Smoke is a kind of odor, which makes me crazy. In a restaurant, if someone were smoking, every people would vomit or throw over. It would ruin my day life and whole life. This could be disaster. In conclusion, the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is very good one. For those reasons I have written above. First, smoking is very bad for health. Second, smoke makes me uncomfortable.
Let's suppose you are in a luxurious restaurant with your beautiful girl friend. Hearing a romantic music, you are enjoying a tender beef stake. Suddenly, a man, who is sitting the next table to you, fires his cigarette and blows toward your side. If you were in this situation, what would your feeling like? Everyone might be angry to be a victim of this situation. To make matters worse, when it comes to the health problem, whoever is in this restaurant obviously get angry. It is not a new story that the indirect smoking is much more harmful for health comparing to the direct smoking. Even though most people are aware of this famous scientific fact, smoking is not banned completely at all restaurants in the country. Smokers have no rights to bring damages to the Non-smokers. They have to be made recognize the fact that they are like murderer. Some people might say that we should also protect the right of smoke. However, I'd like to point out that many people are suffering from the second hand smoking and astronomical cost is taken cleaning the butts and building additional smoking sections. We cannot allow these unnecessary social costs to be expanded anymore. The policy makers should ban smoking at all restaurants in this country.
Everyone knows that smoking is harmful to our health. Even in the pack of the cigarettes, the warning is printed. Although smokers do aware of this fact, many of them do not quit smoking because it is addictive. I also hate smoking, but I disagree to the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Rather, I think it is much better to make smokers smoke only in the smoking area. To begin, this will never stop smokers to smoke. Instead, they will find somewhere else in the restaurant such as bathroom or the entrance of the restaurant because smoking is addictive. It is true that if we ban smoking inside, it would make much better atmosphere for customers who do not like smoking because there are no smokers in their surroundings directly. But, still, customers might feel smokes, if smokers smoke in the bathroom secretly or in the entrance of the restaurant. It affects to other people because the smoke might flow into the restaurant. However, we can solve this problem by making the smoking area. Banning smoking completely would not solve the problem at all, and many owners of the restaurant may also refuse this option, worrying smoking customer would not come. But if we change the proposal as making restricted area for smokers, smoking area, it will satisfy both non-smokers and smokers. By satisfying all kinds of the customers, owners will also like this idea, which is more realistic proposal to everyone. Therefore, banning smoking completely in the restaurant is unrealistic and ineffective way for the convenience of customers. Of course, it would be the best option to quit smoking to every smoker, but because this is quite impossible, it is much better to open some place to smoke which is only for the smokers.
I strongly agree that smoking should completely be banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the restaurant is the place that family including the children have a meal. Smoking harms the health of non-smoker through cigarette smoke. It is especially harmful to children. It negatively influences the health of children and developing of children's body. Second, cigarette gives unpleasant and uncomfort to non-smokers. Because it is difficult to completely separate the areas of smoking and non-smoking, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. Though separating the areas, cigarette smoke comes from non-smoking area. Therefore the right of smokers could not be respected so much, the right of non-smokers is more important than the right of smoker at all the restaurant. Some people think that the right of smokers should be respected. But respecting the right of smokers gives the non-smokers including the children negative effects. So, the right of smokers should be limited at all the restaurants. These reasons are why I strongly agree that smoking should completely be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
In Canada, there is a law that smoking is banned in buildings. When I was there, I didn't feel bad because of smoking. However I realized that it is really annoying that someone next to me is smoking in the restaurant. I strongly agree with this statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. There are two reasons for my argument. Second hand smoking is really bad for health. Different from outside, inner space is closed so dirty air will be stopped in a restaurant. It will make people's health in the restaurant worse. Moreover there must be non smokers who really hate smoking smell. Smokers should respect their right. As a smoker wants to smoke, non smoker doesn't want to smell it. They can smoke out of the restaurant. Another reason is it can make a restaurant unhygienic. Ashes from smoking can be spread and ruined dishes or drinks. It can also ruin taste of other costumers because of smoking smell. Reputation of the restaurant can be affected by smoking. Overall it is bad to customers, owner and smoker themselves. In conclusion, smoking should be banned because of the reasons for health and hygienic. Smokers should know they can smoke out of a restaurant, not in the restaurant. If they realize their smoking habit is harmful for others, it will be easy to smoke not in buildings
I believe that smokers should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smokers have the right to smoke when and where they want. However the right should be limited in the range of not harming other people. Every human beings have rights to do what they want to do. However, if they all insist just their rights, there will be a lot of conflicts because some rights may be harmful to some groups of people. So the criterion for regulating the rights should be in the range of not annoying other people. For example, there are some places such as coffee shops or internet café that offer separate room for non-smokers or smokers only. This policy can guarantee all people's right to smoke and right no to smell smoke. Only in this case, smokers should be able to smoke in restaurants. Smoking is not only annoying non-smokers by its smell, but also it is very bad for our health. It is also proven that there is more harmful effect for people who breathe in the smoke than people who actually smoke. So smokers are kind of killing people by giving off the smoke. In conclusion, I strongly believe that smoking should be banned in restaurants for bad smell and harmful effects to our health.
While some smokers claim that they need some space to smoke at restaurants, I oppose the idea. Basically, I believe smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. To begin with, smoking can harm not only the smoker's health, but also other people's health. In particular, for example, when there is a pregnant woman, or someone who has a disease at the restaurant, smoking can be a big problem. Because they are weak and very sensitive to smoking, it can have a severe influence on them. Furthermore, restaurants are public spaces in which many people gather, so smokers should be in good manners. Even if they really want to smoke, they should remember that in the restaurant, there is always someone who can't bear smoking. Therefore, smokers have some duty not to smoke in public spaces like restaurants. Finally, there are some other spaces smokers can smoke. That is, smokers can smoke outside, not at the restaurants. Although some smokers insist that banning smoking at all restaurants is limiting their liberty, I think liberty should accompany some responsibility. In other words, as they have liberty of smoking, others also have liberty of not being disturbed by smoking. Therefore, if they really want to smoke, they should smoke outside considering the others' rights. In conclusion, it is my belief that banning smoking at all restaurants is just in that smoking can harm others' health and non-smokers have the rights of not being disturbed by smoking.
I agree that smoking should be completely prohibited in all restaurant. There are two reasons why smoking-ban is needed. First, Smokers should not damage non-smokers' health. Since restaurants are public places, many kinds of people go there, including heavy-smokers and totally non-smokers. However, because most restaurants have not yet spared exclusive smoking area, so that smokers and non-smokers should be in same places. In this case, non-smokers are prior to smokers' right to smoke. The number of non-smokers is far bigger than the number of smokers. In addition, every people are born to be non-smoker, non-smoking state is more natural. Therefore, since its hard to make separate spaces for smokers, people who like smoking should persevere the inconvenience. Secondly, all restaurants should be freed by smoking, because ultimately, smokers should quit smoking habits. It is well-known that smoking really hurts people's health. In addition there are many researches that smoking is the worst thing people enjoys as their taste. Tobacco is famous for its notorious addictness and even it is hard to enumerate the bad aspects of smoking. Despite of all these things, if smoking is admitted in restaurants around the country, it is the action which totally ignores public health. In addition, if young people see already-smokers' actions, that can lead youth to do the same thing. Inhibiting smoking in public area including restaurants will work well to decrease the country's smoking rate. To sum up, for the two reasons above, smoking ban in restaurants is very important. By free people from smoking air, public places will be better, and also it will improve public health. Therefore banning smoking in restaurants should be executed as soon as possible.
Recently, Seoul in South Korea make a law that forbidden smoking in the park. Smokers in the park or big square have to pay a charge for smoking. However, many smokers are upset with that rule of smoke and still, many restaurant do not forbid smoking indoor. Smoke in the restaurant should not be allowed because of several reasons. First, restaurants are usually indoor place and smoke indoor place pollute indoor air. This will be extremely harmful for the people who do not smoke. Smoking in the restaurant threatens non-smoker's health and it is unacceptable. Non-smoker's right to be health should be protected. Second, the smell of smoke make flavor of food worse. Restaurant customers smell smoke rather than delicious food. Also, smoke make restaurant dirty. Chemicals in the smoke make indoor dirty. Both of those facts will be big damage for restaurant. For the better environment of restaurant, smoke in the restaurant should be forbidden. Some people can argue that right of smokers should be protected. However, rights of other people are also important. Of course, for the smokers, facilities such as smoking room are needed for smokers. For the every people's health, include smokers', smoking in the restaurant should be forbidden.
I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in my country. In public places, there is no objection to prohibit smoking inside. However, restaurants are owned by privates, and the owners have the right to choose. Some people insist that banning the restaurant smoking is related to health problems for servers who work at. For them, too, it is their choice to work at the smoking permitted places. These days, instead of making whole café non-smoking area, there are partitions for smokers and nonsmokers there. It is more reasonable method to welcome both the smokers and non-smokers. Those who want to ban the smoking at all restaurants may believe that doing so help whole people quit smoking in the shared areas. It makes sense, however, smokers are now under great pressure to stop smoking. They are the one who choose to smoke by themselves, who are adults. As non-smokers' right of not breathing cigarette toxics is important to non-smokers, it is also important to guarantee the smokers' right of smoking in'certain places', besides cold outside especially in winter time. Because both rights are important, we need a mutual negotiation. I think banning smoking at all restaurants is too extreme decision. Even though smoking is not an advisable thing, it is violating the right of smokers.
I think banning the smoking at all restaurant is very ridiculous. When people are smoking other non-smokers are harmed. Because smoking causes smoke which contain bad elements. Besides it is very harmful when smoking at restaurants which are open place to all the people. In spite of this I have several reasons to against the policy(banning the smoking at all restaurants) First cigarette is item of personnel preference sold by government. So I think government has responsibility for keep the smokers rights. Government sell tobacco to get tax, so if they don't keep their rights, it's too selfish. So government should keep their rights and also they should make non-smokers to get of the damage of smoking. And connection between meal and desire of smoking is second reason. Most of smokers impulse to smoke when they finish their meal. If all the restaurants ban the smoking, smokers are smoking on the street, because in korea, there is no regulation to smoke on the street. If so, they will damage pedestrian. It means another damage. So I think it's reasonable to make smoking zone in restaurants, instead of banning the smoking at restaurants. As I am smoker, I often feel that restricts for the smokers are too serious, and the rights of smokers are somewhat neglected. To release protests among smokers, managing non-smoking zones properly is more important than expanding non-smoking zones without deep consideration.
I know smokers often enjoy their smoking after eating, but I think they have to go out of the restaurant when they are smoking. First of all, if someone smells smoking while he or she is eating, it can be very unpleasant experience to him or her. Because people also feel the taste through the nose, if they smell smoking, their eating will be greatly interrupted. I have similar experience before, and it is extremely terrible. Secondly, smokers always have to consider non-smokers. Smokers can smoke in other place, but non-smoker can not avoid when smokers are smoking nearby them. Thirdly, already smoking is banned at many places, like bus stops or subway station. Restaurants are also one of the public places, so smoking can be tolerated at the restaurants. Finally, smoking can be harmful to food. Indirectly smoking is even more dangerous than directly smoking. If the food is made while somebody is smoking near the food, it can harm people who eat the food, especially when they are non-smoker. That's why smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I completely agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurant in the country. Smokers would disagree for sure. They might think that not allowing them to smoke is invasion of their rights or freedom. It is true that smoking is personal matter and any one can freely smoke. However, freedom only can be justified when it doesn't invade others' freedom. It doesn't matter that people smoke their houses or their own rooms. In this case smoking doesn't make problem with others who don't want to smell smoke. However, restaurants are public space. There might be pregnant women, sick people, old people or children in there. To these people, smoke can be fatal for health. Except them, there can be other people who don't like the smell of smoking. If smokers smoke at the restaurant ignoring others, they invade others' freedom and rights. All the people at the restaurant have rights to eat happily without any other interruption. It means that not only smokers who have rights to freely smoke but also non-smokers have their rights to keep themselves away and protect their health from smoking as well. Every person is free to do what they want to do, but their deeds can be justified only when all others' rights are equally respected at the same time.
Smoking has been known to be very harmful to respiratory organs, and it is pointed as the main cause of cancer. However, tens of thousands of people are smoking still, because they have been addicted already. Thus, it is important to provide a strong opportunity to quit the smoking. People are smoking to relieve their stress, but it's not the good solution because it can bring the bigger problem like lung cancer. Further, it can harm to other people who don't smoke, because when smoking people breathing out, the ingredients contained in the smoke can affect the other people. In other word, people can die for smoking. However, the problem is that it is not easy to quit the cigarette. How can we pull them up from smoking? How can we save them from smoking? We can use the strategy of punish, and one of punish can be banning smoke at all the restaurants in the country. It can decrease the chances of smoke happening, because they will pay a pretty penny when they don't follow the regulation. Helping them by banning the smoke seems too progressive, but it could be an appropriate solution to help them move out from the addiction. Moreover, we can use the fine collected from the smokers to help other poor people. In sum, I agree to make a restrict zone in our life zone.
I definitely agree with the point that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in the restaurants could harm the non-smokers, especially little children, and could distract the joy of eating. First, smoking in the restaurants can make many victims of secondhand smoking. It is well known that secondhand smoking is very harmful to everyone. Especially children who are very vulnerable can have serious influence from secondhand smoke. Many parents accompany their children to have food in the restaurants. However, if smoking is allowed, they would not really want to eat out since the harmful influence will be given to their children and family. To make healthy environment for the family and the customers, smoking should be banned in the restaurants. Second, many people are easily distracted by smoking. Restaurants are often places where the families or friends gather and have fun. However, if smoking is allowed in this kind of places, many people who hate the cigarette smoke will be distracted by the smoke they had from the smokers in the restaurants. The joy of eating food will also be distracted by breathing smoke from cigarette. Smoking in the restaurants can not only have potential fatality of secondhand smoking but also distract the joy of having good food.
Smoking in restaurants should be banned in all the places in the country. When we approach this problem legally, permitting smoking in restaurants is impossible, because smoking in public places is strongly discouraged in the country. As smoking can harm many other innocent people's health, the right of smoking, which can be interpreted as the right of one's pursuit of happiness, is inferior to the right of life of many people. Many institutions related to public health care have announced that smoking not only damage to the smokers themselves, but also to the irrelevant people's skin, lungs, and brains. When we consider that the restaurants are usually filled with so many people, smoking in the public place can be a mass-destruction of health, which should be strongly banned. Also, smoking can be harmful to the environment of the restaurant, which can be very bad for the restaurants themselves. When one smoke, there are many cigarettes, ash, and smoke which should be cleared and refreshed. As a result, restaurants have to spend much more money to deal with the problems. However, as they concentrate on that kind of problems, general service quality would be lowered. For example, when one waiter cleared the smoker's seat, he would touch ashes, and other dirty materials. Hence, he has to wash his hands, which can be other customer's unwanted waiting. As a result, smoking in the restaurants should be prohibited for the people's health and service.
On the issue whether we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurant or not, I insist that there is no reason to accept this idea. Let me begin by saying that smoking is a personnel habit. All people are to be deserved when it comes to having their habit. Some people argue that smoking should be banned because of the rights of non-smokers. Their main point is smokers should not smoke in the restaurant because non-smokers do not like to be exposed to smoking. Then, how about rights of smokers? Should we assume that the rights of smokers as nothing? By this reason, if we can think alternatives which can preserve the rights both smokers and non-smokers, we should take that way. When we take a deep consideration on this topic, we can find alternatives. For instance, we can divide the space of the restaurant into 2. If we are to separate the space into 2 by using a barrier blocking the air circulate between 2, we can make it happen. Once we finish making this space, we can call the space alternative; one of which is for non-smokers, the other of which is for smokers. So far, we have seen that there is an alternative by constructing the space for both of them. Therefore, there is no reason to deny this ideal which is good for all.
I strongly agree with the idea that smoking should be banned in every restaurant. Most of all, smoking is another way of violence. There're lots of people who smokes, not caring about the others. They are not even ignorant of it. They know it. These days, not like old days in Europe, everyone knows that smoking is critically lethal to the body and second-hand smoking is much worse than first-hand smoking because of the filter in the cigarette. Smokers devastate, destruct their and our bodies, and they get rid of other's right to stay healthy. And the public places like restaurants, there're always lots of people gathering and the air in there is usually clearly circulated. Many of them, even children, in the restaurant will be deadly affected by the smoking. Not only with this reason, we go there not only to eat foods, but also enjoy our time. Let's think about it this way. When you are in the restaurant, eating delicious foods with your close friends, then someone in the corner started to shout and yell loudly. How would you feel when you are in this situation? Same rule can be applied to the smoking. Loud sound only interrupts your conversation in the ear, but smoking interrupts your nose and also harms your health! This is not tolerable and it should be stopped completely in restaurants in all around the country.
Recently, an issue of smoking prohibition in public area has been debated as a hot topic. In my opinion, smoking in public area especially when it is restaurant, should be prohibited because of the following two reasons. First of all, smoking is bad not only for smoker's health, but also for non-smoker's health. There are many research studies that have been conducted regarding to the relationship between smoking and health problem like lung cancer or larynx-linked disease. For example, nicotine or tar which is one of the most harmful ingredients included in tobacco, is well known to cause a serious cancer or disease to the non-smokers who inhale those things through secondary smoking as well as the smoker himself. Non-smokers have right to decide whether or not keep themselves from exposing towards the smokers. Secondly, smoking in all the restaurants should be banned because there also are many children among the people who visit the restaurants. It is pretty well known that children, unlike adults, are more likely to be affected by the secondary smoking. In case of family restaurants, problems are more serious than the normal restaurants. They should be not exposed to an unwanted smoking which can harm their health in a disastrous way. In conclusion, smoking in all public area, including restaurants should be prohibited for the other non-smokers. We should not disregard the non-smokers' rights to maintain their lives and surroundings as clean and fresh as possible. Banning all the smoking in all the restaurants should be executed immediately.
The prohibition of smoking is expanding from day to day, and it is bringing an uproar among smokers. While many people choose to ignore these protests, I believe it is unnecessary to ban smoking in all restaurants, for smokers deserve the right to smoke and it is better to lead them to stop smoking on their own will rather than forcefully banning them. First, smokers deserve the right to smoke as much as non-smokers have the right not to inhale smoke. As citizens of democratic countries, smokers as well as non-smokers should equally be granted to act as they please, as long as their conduct does not invade the interests of another individual. Then, one may argue that smoking is harmful to the health of second-hand smokers. True as it seems, this argument is insufficient to support the complete banning of smoking in restaurants. Alternatively, we can always separate rooms for smokers and non-smokers. When there is a way to guarantee the rights of both sides, it would be unfair to pass an act only in favor of non-smokers. Second, when we want people to behave in a certain way, it is much more mature to lead them to do so voluntarily rather than compel them. A strong support for the ban would be that it also works to the benefits of smokers. However, the way they come to a stop should be that they choose to do so because free will has a significant meaning. Specifically, they should be educated to perceive the possible consequences to their health and realize the financial burden of smoking, but never forced. In short, helping smokers truly realize the advantages of quitting would naturally promote healthier views and lead to fewer smokers in public places more efficiently than simple bans. In summary, for the sake of equal rights for smokers and a mature method of helping them, the idea of banning smoking in all restaurants should be rejected.
I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. When someone is allowed in a restaurant, other non smokers' rights are hurt. Someone might claim that smoker has the same right to smoke as the nonsmoker has the right to do not smoke, but someone's right can be justified when it doesn't hurt another's right. It means that someone's right is confined until it doesn't intrude another's right. In these days, the restaurants usually divide the sections, one section for smokers and the other for nonsmokers. However, although they divide the sections, the smokes are easily escaped from the smoking area to nonsmoking area. It really bothers to the nonsmokers who don't want any smokes while eating their foods. Yesterday I went to the Seoul National University subway station to eat dinner with my boyfriend and we decided to eat chicken. We got into the restaurant and started to eat dinner, and suddenly I smelled smokes. Looking around, I found the guys next our table smoked, and then I was really annoyed from that moment. The chickens suddenly seem not delicious, and I just felt I wanted to go out there. In my opinion, there might be lots of people who experienced unhappy mood during the eating because of the smokers in the same restaurant. Therefore I would be grateful if the all the restaurant in the country completely ban the smoking.
Smoking should not be permitted at any restaurants in the country, as smoking harms both not only smokers themselves but also those who are surrounding them. Although some people say that smokers have the freedom to choose what they want to do, it is important to keep in mind that one's freedom cannot be more important than other people's rights to protect their health. To explain, studies show that second-hand smoking is more dangerous than direct smoking. Even though public places have different spaces for smokers and non-smokers, smoke containing such harmful chemicals as nicotine is highly likely to reach non-smoker's areas as well. Undoubtedly, the smoke will be inhaled by non-smokers and irritate their feelings. More importantly, compared with other public spaces, smoke plays an undesirable role especially in restaurants. This is because it ruins the food that they are eating. Additionally, a restaurant is not only for adults but also children, who are more vulnerable to smoke. This kind of situation is totally unfair and unjust, regarding the fact that non-smokers paid to intake good food in a sympathetic environment. Therefore, as the saying goes, freedom without responsibility is licence, it is imperative to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country.
I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking attacks not only firsthand smokers but also secondhand smokers so at public places like restaurants smokers should avoid smoke. Penalty by government is the most efficient way to have smokers keep social rule. Here are some reasons for this opinion. First, smoking brings bad influence to people even though they are in the same place with firsthand smoker. Restaurants are not a personal place but a public area so many people from young baby to seniors are using. In this place, we should think of other people's health. Second, as we all know the fact that smoking has a lot of bad aspects but, it is very difficult to quit smoke by oneself. I think the public ban is the most efficient way to help them be more careful. I am not saying that all smokers must give up smoking but they should avoid public place, and putting penalty will helpful. For those reasons I strongly say that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, in the public place, smokers have duty not to influence them badly. Second, putting economic penalty is the best way to help them regard the proper place to smoke.
In our society, there are several rules people should obey. Certain situations often strongly forbid some acts, for the public good. On this matter, some might think that an individual's free will should be respected before the community's. However, I think happiness from the free will is not separated from the public good and I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country for the following main reasons. First, 'smoke' is gas. It flows through the air. Therefore, smoking can produce'the second smoker', non-smokers but people who get harmful effects because of nearby smokers. It is obviously 'evil'. In addition, it can evoke more serious results than smokers simply expected. The place 'restaurant' has a specific meaning which implies something unique. In the restaurant, people open their mouth for eating and speaking. Then smoke can go into not only people's nose but also their mouth. If a person smokes in the restaurant, customers feel bad and it makes them not want to go there anymore. Then it can be 'a bullet in the gun' which triggers the failure of the restaurant business. As a result, smokers who frequently go to the restaurant cannot go there anymore. Smoking at public places is just a momentary and short-sighted pleasure which makes harmful effect on society.
In today's world, it has been debated whether Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants or not. Some restaurants regulate smoking for many reasons. Other restaurants just separate smoking zone from non-smoking zone. I disagree smoking should be banned at all the restaurants for 2 reasons. One of my reasons is that people have to have freedom. And it depends on country as to what they violate. People over 19 can buy cigaretts anywhere, so they have right to smoke anywhere. Of cousrse, I am non-smoker. However, my father who somke cigaretts often told me that cigaretts helped him lower his stress level. Likewise, some of them feel relax when they smoke. So we don't have any right for them not to smoke. So it should be legal to smoke anywhere, of course, under the restriction that you have to be over 19. Second, there is a best way not to infringe the rights of each other. The way is that restaurants separate smoking zone from non-smoking zone and give right to do something. I think it is generally agreed that an individual's rights extend so far as they do not infringe the rights of another. To summarize, smoking at restaurants should be legal to reserve right to do and people should have the right to smoke.
I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking in the restaurants is very harmful and indeed almost disgusting to non-smokers because restaurant is a place where people eat and enjoy their meals. When inhaling smoking in the restaurant, the people's taste for food as well as their enjoying of the meal will be disgusted. Many non-smokers get much harm from smokers in the streets and restaurants. The second-hand smoking is more dangerous than first-hand smoking, especially for women and children. If children are exposed to smoking from their early ages, there is a higher chance for them to grow to become smokers. Moreover, banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country can be the first step to lower the smoking rate in countries. It is important to make the settings as inconvenient as possible for smokers, because if there is much convenience for smokers, more people will turn out to become smokers. In addition, banning smoking in as many places as possible including all the restaurants will reduce air pollution caused by smoking. Although banning may seem like a little choice, its effect will be tremendous; thus bringing many positive effects to the lives of people as well as to the environment.
There are many debates about smoking, but a debate if smoking should be allowed in public areas is the most controversial these days. Many restaurants have adopted the idea of separating seats according to smoking, but there are still people who want smoking bannned completely in restaurants. I agree that smoking should be forbidden at all the restaurants in the name of law. First of all, it is said that secondhand smoking causes more serious health problems, . Especially, the effects towards pregnant women and young babies are disastrous. According to several statistics, the chance of suffering from lung cancer is higher if nonsmokers breathe in smoke. Who is going to compensate this person's health? Would smokers do that for non-smokers? Definitely not. Legal methods are needed to decrease the dangers of secondhand smoking. The second reason is that smoke can make people lose appetitie. Even though the seats are separated in restaurants, the smell can spreadout through the air. For instance, a man ordered a steak and he is about to have that one delicious bite. Then suddenly, a person at the next table started smoking. . The smoke eventually comes to their table so the smell distracts them from eating their meal. People say smoking in places they want are smokers' rights. What about the rights of non-smokers then? The best way to protect these two sides is to ban smoking in restaurants completely in the country and to build places solely for smoking.
Smoking at all the restaurants in the country should be banned. Some people insist that people have their freedom to smoke. However, I believe smoking in public places violates other people's freedom to enjoy their meals and is harmful for others' health. First of all, people cannot enjoy their meals at the restaurants when other people next to them smoke. When I went to the restaurants, there were two people who smoked in the restaurants. I felt I was smoking as the smell was very severe. Therefore, I just finished my dinner as soon as possible even though the meal was with my friend who I had not seen for a long time. Some people insist that the freedom to enjoy smoking is important. However, if their freedom hinders others' freedom, the freedom should be limited. Second, indirect smoking is more dangerous. According to a survey, when a person smokes, it is worse for the health of other people around him or her. Restaurants are places that every people can come including the elder people, the pregnant, and babies. People cannot do harm on others' health by emphasizing their freedom to smoke. Therefore, smoking should be banned in public places, including restaurants.
I agree to the claim which requires smoking to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I feel sorry for smokers who really want to smoke at restaurants, but they should be banned by a strict law. They will argue that they have a right to smoke at their will by quoting'natural liberty', or'civil liberties', but although those rights are invaluable they cannot help the smokers in this case. Those rights can be accepted only if the person doesn't harm anyone or anything when do something but, as everyone knows, smoking really does harm not only to one's health but to other's health. Recently a research by a group of scientists proved indirect smoking is much more dangerous as it can cause some kinds of cancer, and many newspapers reported it. Thus, smoking should be banned in public places, and restaurants, particularly, are the place where people enjoy their meal and conversation so they should be under special control of smoking. In other words, smokers can't evade from the responsibility for other's health and they should know other people also have their right to eat in a clean and safe atmosphere. Smokers can live without a mealtime smoking, but others are dying if they smoke.
I think it is extreme to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. I also don't like people smoking in the restaurants but smokers have the right to smoke. If we ban smoking in the restaurants, it means smokers have little place to smoke while eating. It also means that the restaurants smokers can eat freely decrease. Some people think smokers can smoke outside the restaurant and smokers can tolerate smoking while eating but for smokers it can be a torture not to smoke. Non-smokers have a right to eat in fresh environment but I think smokers have the right to smoke, too. I think if there are some places for smokers in the restaurants, it can be helpful. It is good for both non-smokers and smokers. Smokers can smoke in the smoking only places and non-smokers can enjoy the meal in fresh air. For example, I went to coffee-bean café with my friend one day and there was a smoking place in the cafe. I could enjoy my time without smokes from cigarettes and smokers smoked in that place. I think it is good way to consider both sides- non-smokers and smokers. Instead of banning smoking completely, I think by making smoking areas in the restaurants can be one solution.
These days, there are a lot of concerns about banning smoking in public areas. Of course, everyone has their own right to smoke whenever and wherever they want. However, I want to point out that smoking should be totally prohibited in all the restaurants without any exception in every country. There are two main reasons for this argument: secondhand smoking is very harmful and atmosphere is very important for those who visit restaurants for their dining. First, it is undeniable that a secondhand smoke is more harmful than smoking to smokers themselves. Since 1970s, there have been a number of researches about troubles which smoking results in. The most serious problem is that smoking cause a lot of unhealthiness even to those who do not smoke at all. Moreover, since children do not have strong immune system, this harmfulness would be more problematic to them. Also, public area where many people dine together at the same time, the trouble from smoking would be far bigger than other places. In addition, people who visit restaurant have also right to enjoy their meal in great atmosphere. There is one saying: people buy its atmosphere as well as food. I think this explains how important the mood of restaurants is. In one of the surveys, over than half people answered that they consider atmosphere most when they decide where to eat. In conclusion, banning smoking in all restaurants in all country is very reasonable in that smoking has many problems to the public and restaurants should be the places for people to enjoy their meal.
Smoking should be banned, especially in all restaurants. First, restaurant is the place where all people go for eating in an enjoyable atmosphere. For this reasons, it is important for them to be provided the satisfying place. If there is a person who doesn't like the smoke than smoking should be banned. Of course, there is one who acclaim that a smoker also has the right to smoke in the restaurant. He or she will say that if the restaurant is the place where people are happy, then smoker could be happy one who can smoke. But important thing is that most of the people who came to the restaurant are paid for enjoy clean and warm air of the restaurant. They are not pay for smoking air. Smokers should give way for them. If they really want to go to the restaurant, then the solution for them is to build the restaurant for smokers. In that area they could smoke whenever they want during their meal. They pay for their right to smoke in the restaurant. But when all the people are mixed up in the one place, and the people who don't want to smell the cigarette are many, then smoker have to avoid smoking. That is the manner.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have some reasons why I support the statement. A restaurant is a place where people have a meal. Most of customers want to enjoy the meal with the smells of foods. But the cigarette smoke may prevent it. And there may be a lot of children and seniors in a restaurant. In this situation, cigarette smoke can be irritated and uncomfortable to non-smokers. And even it is harmful for children and seniors to breathe air with cigarette smoke. Smoking in a enclosed place with a lot of people such as a restaurant causes secondhand smoke. Secondhand smoke is more harmful than smoking. Cigarette smoke that smokers blow out is more dangerous than that of smokers breathing. And this phenomenon can worsen in an enclosed place such as restaurant. I think it is unfair that non-smokers who don't want to damage their body and pursue pleasure ruin their health because of cigarette smoke. For these reasons, I think smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants and it should be broaden to all public places such as bus stops, parks, concert hall and so on.
When I, non smoker, am eating food in a restaurant, some smokers annoyed my meal. Smell, and smoke from smoking was difficult for non smoker to keep eating food. Many restaurants have a separate place for smokers but smell and smoke still influence on other people's eating. Also, if smokers eat food in a separate place, they are directly exposed to smoke, so it is very harmful to them. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants. Also, smoking is not limited problem to eating. It is bad for people. However, if restaurants accept people to smoke, the reason why smokers should stop smoking is reduced. For example, In Singapore, it is banned to smoke in any street. After making this policy, the number of smokers reduced. Like Singapore, if it is banned to smoke in public places, the number of smokers will be reduced. Therefore, to ban smoking in restaurants have effects on reducing smokers. Especially, restaurants are important place to be cleaned. A little amount of dust or ash should not be discovered in any restaurant. However, if restaurants accept smoking there, the ash will spread in the place, so this is bad for hygiene of a restaurant.
When a person smokes in public places, smoking affects people around the smoker as well as the smoker. Even in restaurants, where people have their meals, it's reasonable for many people to think that smoking has to be banned in the restaurants. However, it doesn't refer to that all restaurants have to stop the smoking there in the country. There are already many non-smoking restaurants, and some restaurants divide smoking zones and non-smoking zones. People eating there will not be affected by smoking. The number of restaurants banning smoking is also increasing, and smokers are getting difficult to find their meal places. The characteristic of smokers are different from the sights of many people. They want to smoke anytime they want, not at fixed hour. It's their freedom to smoke when they're eating, if the smoking doesn't harm anyone. Unlike restaurants, it's quite undesirable to smoke in the street. There are many campaigns which suggest non-smoking bus stops in the country. Smokers are also parts of the country, but these opinions and campaigns are thought and made by many non-smokers. They just maintain that smoking does harm for many people, and there are no other suggestions. If some people want to ban smoking in all restaurants around the country, they have to prepare for another opinions and alternatives. Banning smoking in not all eating places doesn't suggest that smoking is good. It is a different field. Also, smokers have to smoke at fixed areas, like smoking zones. If the smoker keeps this rule, non-smokers will not suffer from the smoking. That's the only way to make both sides satisfied.
I think it shouldn't be completely banned. It should not completely but selectively banned. Above all, I am also a person who likes smoking after having some meals, finishing something, and having some coffee, but it is usually banned in most of restaurants except for pubs, or bar. It is certain that non-smokers don't want to be with smokers who are smoking, and indirect smoking is more harmful than direct smoking. I understand it as well. However, smoker's rights of smoking in public area also exist. Because cigarettes are also products which tobacco company wants to sell customer, and customers want to use it anywhere despite of in public area. Additionally, governments should provide them some smoking districts in public area, because taxes of cigarettes are so high. In other words, Heavy smokers are very sincere large taxpayer. So I'll suggest a solution. We divide the restaurants into two areas such as smoking area and non-smoking area. When smokers are with smokers in smoking area, they would feel comfortable if they smoke. It is the possible situation smokers don't like the smoking smell; however, they are more understandable than non-smokers. If we do like that, we didn't argue about this topic again. I think it is the best solution which is considering both smoker and non-smoker.
I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. However, I would like to assume that it should be banned restrictively. I agree with a basic premise in the phrase but a complete prohibition at all restaurants seems harsh for those smokers. As I said before, smoking should be limited in indoor places, because smoking invades many people's rights to be healthy. That is, smoking is bad for damaging other people. Especially in restaurants, as it is a closed place, it could directly harm the atmosphere. Moreover, it could spoil many people's appetite while they eat food. Most importantly, there are many research findings about a danger of smoking for neighbors as well as the person. Therefore, as smoking itself is not a proper thing for human, we need a certain approach to be free from an influence of smoking. On the contrary, we need to think the smoker's right as well. Of course, this consideration should be put in terms of freedom. Therefore, if they do not damage other people in restaurants, smoking would be allowed. For example, like a closed space for smokers in coffee shops, if there are such a place in restaurants, the right to smoke would be secured. However, this kind of place in restaurants seems uncommon unlike a case of coffee shops in many countries. As a result, we have to find a method to protect a right of both non-smokers and smokers as far as possible.
Smoking should be banned at restaurants but there need to be an exception. I'm a non-smoker and I hate the people smoking in the streets or in the public places. However, I can't argue to ban smoking at all restaurants. There are rights for both smokers and non-smokers. So we need to respect both, and the resolution should be good for both parties. Therefore, every restaurant should have a separate smoking area. Until now, there are smoking and non-smoking area but they're not separated that even at non-smoking area, there are possibilities for people to have a second hand smoking. It means to intrude the right of non-smoker so we need a separate place for them. Maybe some people would claim just to ban the smoking for the sake. However, smoking is also one of habits and one's own decision and we're living in a democratic country. Therefore, the nation has right to let them know about the danger of smoking, but doesn't have any right to limit one's freedom. We need to respect the smoker's rights, too. Also, pubs and bars are also a kind of restaurants, and if we ban the smoking in all restaurants in the country, it'll lose their culture. Many people who go to pubs and bars are trying to enjoy the drinking, smoking and the relationship among people. If we ban it, these pubs' and bars' culture would be imbalanced. We just let them be like recent days.
Some people argue that we should not completely ban smoking at all the restaurants. They say that it violates the human freedom right. However, I disagree with this argument because if human right is important, we should also respect other people's right to be healthy as well as our own right of freedom. Above all, I oppose to the idea that we should allow people to smoke anywhere including public areas because it is the same as the behavior to make other people's health worse. According to recent studies, the indirect smoking – breathing cigarette smoke – is as dangerous as the direct smoking. In other words, there are considerable possibilities that the indirect smoking causes lung cancer in the same way as that of the direct smoking. Therefore, smoking in public areas can increase the rate of cancer in a society. In contrast, some people say that banning smoking in certain places violates the freedom right. Although their arguments make sense, we should remember that it is also important to respect other people's right; that is, the right to maintain good health. If someone wants to smoke despite the dangerousness of smoking, they can choose other ways to smoke like smoking in their private areas, or the places where smoking is allowed. In other words, they do not have the right to make other people's health worse by smoking at the restaurants. In conclusion, taking into account the dangerousness of indirect smoking, it should be banned to smoke in public places like restaurants. Even though the private freedom to smoke should be also respected, the smokers can choose alternatives to smoke in their private places, not public ones. There is no doubt in that we should respect other people's right to maintain good heath before claiming our own freedom right.
I think that smoking should be completely prohibited at all restaurants in the country because smoking in a restaurant can harm other non-smokers. In restaurants there is no division between smoking area and non-smoking area. That is a problem. There may be someone who has to avoid cigarette smoke, but it is impossible in current situation. In addition, generally non-smokers hate to be exposure to cigarette smoke, and of course it is not good for health. So current trend is to make smoking area and allow smoke only in the area. Nowadays many buildings have those areas. I have many friends who smoke, and according to my observation and their words, smokers usually do not smoke during having a meal. They smoke after having a meal. So actually there is no reason to smoke in a restaurant during a meal intentionally. They can smoke after a meal, outside of the restaurant. So I think that it will be fine that banning smoking in restaurants. I know that smoking is not illegal but just individual's choice so smokers have freedom to smoke. However, I think that smoking area and non-smoking area should be distinguished for both smokers and non-smokers. Most of coffee shop has divided area now. I think that at least restaurants should follow the trend if they allow to smoke in restaurant because they must consider non-smokers and not to harm them.
I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons to back up my opinion. First, what is a restaurant for? It is, of course, a place where people go to eat. Because of that simple fact, it is obvious that a restaurant needs to be extra cleaner than other places. It has to be sanitary for all customers' health. However, if smokers are allowed to smoke at a restaurant, there will be smoke and ashes everywhere and it will create a horrible atmosphere to enjoy a pleasant meal. Second, smokers need to think of other people around them. They came to the restaurant to enjoy delicious food and have a good time with the people who came together. They did not come to the restaurant to inhale secondhand smoke and cough. It is a very rude and selfish act to do. Other smokers might say it is okay to smoke, but other non-smokers would certainly say NO to smoking. Lastly, smoking is bad for the smokers' health. They are harming the bodies of not only other people but also themselves. They should not smoke at the restaurants. They also should not smoke at hospitals, schools, offices, and even at home. They should quit smoking for their own benefit. Anyone can see from these three reasons that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country.
I strongly support the banning of smoking at all the restaurants in the country. When I go on the street, I saw some people who smoke. Smokers have freedom to smoke. So outside of the public room, non-smokers cannot criticize them. But I dislike smoke very much. In spite of the moment of walking on the street for the short time, I feel very uncomfortable and hateful to that smoke. This is the reason why at that time I run fast stuffing my nose and mouth. In the reastant the smoke can be much more sensitive. Because smoking can interefere the clear environment of restaurant where we have a good time eating the delicious food. On top of that, the food can be polluted by the smoke chemicals. Therefore, smokers have to keep the public courtesy in the restaurant. If we have to respect the smokers in the restaurant, it is good idea to make the smoke-room in there. Smoke-room is only the place where smokers can be in. On the reason that they smoke one another, they can not be careful of smoke, Smoking is allowed in that space. In this way, smoke-room can be solution to respect the smokers in the restaurant. Were it not for that smoke-room, smokers can rigidly follow the rule that they must not smoke. The scientific research shows that indirect smoke are harmful to the health. Smokers can have a bad influence of the nonsmokers as well as themselves. They have to be careful because we are the member of the community.
First of all, it's bad for smoker as well as non-smoker's health in anywhere. These days, health care is very important issue. In addition, we know that indirect smoking is even more dangerous than direct smoking from many advertising or media. For example smoking causes lung cancer. It can cause the other cancers enough. Why do people (especially non-smokers) get damage because of smoking? There's no good point. Smoking and cigarette have only bad points. That is same thing to waste money. And in all the restaurants, clean is the most important thing. Cooks deal with materials for food in restaurants' kitchen. If the kitchen isn't clean for smoking when they cook some foods, foods go bad easily. Hurt foods make people get a disease. Food poisoning is a good example. Of course this disease is caused frequently by the other reasons. However smoke caused by smoking can be also the reason of that. Also, Interior (or environment) in the restaurant is damaged by misty and bad smelling smoke. Human has an effect on an atmosphere. When people enter a restaurant being misty because of smoking, they will feel uncomfortable or unpleasant. Maybe they go out at once and search other restaurant that is clean and pleasant.
Everybody knows that smoking is harmful but people who actually smoke do not realize it because they enjoy smoking which helps them to get rid of stress and just get relaxed. Some smokers think that life is given only once and they have to take all joy of it. Most of them simply become addicted unable to even imagine their life without their cigarettes. However, the problem is that by smoking a person, who does it, not only damages his or her health but also put other surrounding people's health being under threat. Here, we talk about second-hand smoking. Nowadays, there are a lot of examples of people who became victims of it diagnosed with lung cancer because of incidental exposure to other people smoke. Here comes the main question: What should we do to prevent people from second-hand smoking? First of all, it is crucial to make people really understand how harmful and health-destroying smoking is. In doing so, smoking has to be completely banned at all public places in the country; this will protect no-smokers from the big danger. Children are the first helpless target of smoking killer since they are not aware of it sometimes playing besides the smokers. Especially it is true for public places like restaurants where people dine with their family. One person smoke can destroy many other people's lives since in this kind of closed atmosphere it is inevitable to become hurt. It is time for all of us to take care of it and protect people from the second-hand smoking.
Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants in all countries. Firstly it is because smoking is not only bad for smoking peoples' health but also other's. I heard that there are 15 harmful substances in tobacco and it is also bad for second-hand smoking people. Secondly, it makes some people's appetite drop. I also have experiences that I couldn't enjoy my dishes because of odd smells from smoking people. And smoking in restaurants encroaches the rights for ordinary people to eat foods in clean place. Of course smoking people also have rihgts to smoke in some places but it shouldn't encroach others' rights. To be fair to the two sides of people, I think the restaurant should divide smoking and non-smoking room definitely. However, in usual restaurants it isn't kept perfectly so non-smoking rooms also smell disgusty. If restaurants can separate the room, they don't need to ban smoking people. But they can't, I think the definite law that smoking isn't permitted in restaurants should be made.
I agree with the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in country. This way is not respect for smoker. Smoker have a free of smoking. And we have not right to take away smoker's freedom. But the freedom need to responsibility. Smokeing is very not good our health. Smoke is very not good for health not only smoker but also non smoker. Smoking causes lung cancer and any other disease. If one smoker smoking in the restaurants, all the people in the restaurants are get a damage. Once the health is poor, then it is very hard to return to good. So smoker is not responsible at the smoking's damage. If the smoker have a lot of money, the health is don't change the money. And the smoking when you eating something is very unpleasent. So if you eating very delicious food where the smoker is smoking in restaurants, you not taste the food well. You will think just get off the smoking spot. I think the damage of non smokers is bigger then the discomfortable of the smokers. So the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Although they have discomfortable on the restaurants.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, smoking is bad for not only smoker's health but also non smoker's. Cigarette is composed of many damaging materials such as nicotine, tar and carbon monoxide. Smoke is also very harmful. It causes serious disease like lung cancer. If a man smoke in the restaurant, it can damage for many people through the air and food. It is unfair that many people including non smokers take harm because of some smokers. Next, non smokers get bad feeling by smoking. Restaurant is naturally a pleasant place where people go to eat delicious food and talk with their family, friends and lover. But this nice mood can be changed immediately by smoke. In my case I have a headache for smoke although I was in good feeling and it is very stressful. Last, smoking can cause fire. Remains after smoking are often just dropped on the floor. It is quite dangerous. Many fire accident occurred by the remains. I know recently several restaurants separate a nonsmoking section from smoking section. However I think it is not enough. It can't block whole. So I agree above statement.
