It was important for me because it allowed me to take time off and travel to Japan. I know that some of my friends work because they wanted the money for student fees and books etc. At first, I had the same plan as they did but as time went on I found that I was losing interest in studying and always tired. So instead of just working to study, I decided to save some of the money for travel, take a short break and then return to my studies feeling refreshed and like I had done something for myself. I know that studying is worthwhile and I will finish my degree but I have also been studying for most of my life and felt like I needed a break. It has been great so far and I don't regret my decision one bit. My old man (father) wasn't too impressed with the idea though and tried to talk me out of it with these long boring lectures. Finally, I just decided to go ahead and do it and I am glad I did. So, I think that it is important for college students to work part-time because it gives them the freedom to either do as I did or just the cash to relax a bit more in style after so many years of study, study, study.

﻿A part-time job is a great way for any student to expand their skill set. This is an important part of developing as a college student anyway, so I think is a great idea for any college student to have a part-time job. Part-time work can teach are many lessons that you would never have the chance to learn if you spend all your time just doing the assigned class work. For instance, although a busy college class schedule can teach time management, there is nothing like the demands of several different activities to really hot new skills. Also, students can gain an appreciation for financial management and they can learn about what it really means to be a working adult in the modern society. I know that when I first entered college, I was somewhat immature, in my first part-time job taught me a lot about responsibility in what it means to be an adult. I would never have been able to stay in school pursuing an advanced degree if I have not learned how to work hard and manage myself effectively. Last, the money that students can gain from a part-time job is usually enough to cover any personal expenses that may have.

﻿I love my part-time job. I work as an assistant at the local San Diego zoo, and in my work I get to do all sorts of interesting things with all sorts of interesting animals. For example, last week I learned how to feed the alligators, and at first I was very scared, but my supervisor taught me that if you treat animals with respect they will treat you with respect as well. This was a very interesting lesson that I think not a lot of people have the opportunity to learn, and I think that in the same way I was able to learn something very unique and interesting through my part-time job, there are a lot of other college students who learned a lot of other very interesting and unique things through their part-time jobs as well. It really isn't about the money because you don't get paid very much when you work part time, but the knowledge you can gain will be very valuable in your future, so I think that students are not wasting their time if they find part time jobs. If other students can find a part-time job as rewarding as I find mine, I think that all college students should have part-time jobs.

﻿It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Part-time jobs provide real-world experience which can complement one's studies. This experience may translate to job opportunities after graduation or not; however, the experience of working itself and the added insight into the reality of the working world will always be personally beneficial. Also, all jobs will provide some extra spending money which will certainly be welcome. The best choice would be to look for work which complements one's studies. Often times, looking for work within a lab or as a research assistant to a professor can lead to a well-paying and conveniently located part-time job. Such a job would also greatly enrich the content of lectures, giving a student the chance to put into practice some of the theory learned in class. However, it is not always possible to find such a position. A research job may not even be desirable if a student is not that interested in his studies (although, this scenario leads to certain existentially themed questions). Regardless, one can still profit from any other form of part-time work. For example, learning to manage time and prioritize tasks effectively are invaluable skills which can be developed simply by taking on some extra work after school.

﻿I disagree with smoking being banned in restaurants, whether it be in Japan, the U. S., or any other country in the world. Smokers have a right to smoke at restaurants, but unlike some other inconsiderate smokers, I don't think we have the right to smoke at every restaurant. Some restaurants market their cuisines more towards the adult crowd, and as such an establishment, I feel that smoking is not only appropriate but rather in an enhancement of the mood and atmosphere. Conversely, family restaurants where there will often be small children should be off limits to smoking. Finally, restaurants that have no particular target group for their clients should separate their facilities into a smoking and a nonsmoking section. This way, everyone has a restaurant to which they can go comfortably, and there are also restaurants where both smokers and non-smokers can enjoy themselves. I don't have much experience with Japanese culture, but from what I do know, I know that they stress harmony and relationships and all aspects of life, so the solution would seem to be very fit for their use. Colorado, my home state, has already banned smoking in restaurants, so I would hate to see the rest of the world go this way.

﻿I think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Smoking is still allowed at many Australian restaurants, and this is one thing that I really hate about my home country. Most of the restaurants here have already banned smoking, and this makes it much more pleasant and enjoyable to have a night out with your friends or with their family because you don't have to worry about the cigarette smoke. I also think that it will enhance the image of the restaurant to ban smoking and makes it seem higher class. If Japan were to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the entire country, I think that that would make Japan look pretty classy too. Also, there are the many negative effects of smoking including lung cancer, decreased lifespan, and many other symptoms. Smoker's cough is also one of the nastiest things to hear, and it also looks quite painful. The less people that have to deal with that, the better. As human beings we should always be trying to improve our culture and our way of life so that our children and our children's children will have a better world in which to live. Continuing to allow smoking in restaurants does not allow us to do anything along these lines.

﻿Although I want to have a part-time job my mom will not let me because she thinks it will interfere with my studying. Many of my friends are lucky enough to have parents that let them do basically what they want to do in college as long as they have good grades. I have good grades, but this does not seem to be good enough for my mom. I tell her that I am doing fine and I have plenty of time, and I would love to make a little bit of money so that I could go out with my friends if I wanted to, but she simply won't hear it. Because of this, I think it is even more important for college students to have a part-time job. If they are doing well in school and they are doing well as people, there is no reason they shouldn't have a part-time job if they want to. It can also really help when you are looking for a real job after you graduate, and I hope that one day soon my mom will think it is OK for me to have a part-time job so that I can gain some of this experience that will help me after I graduate too.

﻿I agree that smoking should be banned all the restaurants in Japan. I recently came back from a study abroad trip in China where I was there for one year. In this time, I saw that many restaurants in China had already banned smoking at restaurants and additionally some of them and made it illegal to smoke at other public places. If you smoke in these public places, you would be given a ticket, and while the fine was not too hefty, it is enough to discourage the average smoker from lighting up in a place where they will get caught. Next, I agree that it is much more healthy for the other people in the restaurants if smoking is banned at the restaurants. It is not right to have to breathe in the secondhand smoke of many smokers around you as the secondhand smoke is much more dangerous than the smoke they are inhaling. Japan and China are similar in many ways even though there are also different in many ways, but I do think that smoking should not be allowed at any restaurants anywhere in the world. It is already 2011, and the fact that smoking is still allowed at many restaurants in the U. S. and apparently at restaurants in Japan is just embarrassing.

﻿A part-time job is a good way for a student to learn many things that they simply cannot learn in a classroom. For example, by having a part-time job, I was able to learn about how to manage my own money and how to plan my finances for the entire month so that I know how much I need to make for rent and for food as well as for other expenses like entertainment. Also, I feel that I've become more responsible as a result of working part time because it has taught me how to manage my time and taught me how to prioritize my tasks in order to complete them in the most efficient way I can. This is a good skill that I simply did not develop well from college alone, so for students like me that need some extra ways in which to learn, part-time work is great because a can help you see the world from a new perspective and help you approach the same issues from different ways that will help you learn a skill that you needed to but couldn't previously. In conclusion, I think that having a part-time job is a great way for students to learn things that they may not have encountered if they stick only to studying for their classes.

﻿I disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned from all restaurants in the country. Why do I hold such an opinion in today's age of scientific proof that so clearly shows how harmful second hand smoke is to others? First of all, I think that restaurant owners should have the same rights as home owners and be able to allow whomever they wish into their stores. If I want to allow someone to smoke in my house, I can. If you don't like the smoke, then you are free to leave. That same freedom should apply to the people that have paid their hard earned money to buy and set up their own business. Secondly, there are thousands of restaurants out there that cater to the many tastes, desires and needs of a very picky public. How is a restaurant that caters to the smoker crowd any different? Smoking in a public place like a bank or work office is clearly a different matter and I agree that smoking should be banned in these areas. However, restaurants are privately owned establishments and are not providing a necessary public service at a location which we must visit. This gives us the choice or the freedom to enter or not enter and gives the restaurant owners the freedom to operate their establishments as smoking, which I do believe is still legal, or non-smoking. Nobody's rights are being violated as long as we all still have a choice. Banning smoking in all restaurants is clearly such a violation.

﻿I think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. As I said before, I am very conscientious about my health and my fitness, and smoking has absolutely no place in my life because of its power to destroy the body. Another thing that many people don't know about is the ability of smoking to destroy the mind. Smokers can become very nervous and fidgety if they do not have their nicotine, and I think this makes them weaker as people. If the only time they can be very cool and collected is when they are smoking a cigarette, they have an enormous disadvantage as compared to people like me who consistently work to become naturally more focused and energetic. Japan has always struck me as a country where the people are very Zen, and so I would think that they're not particularly keen on tobacco use. But at the end of the day I don't really know. Therefore, if the Japanese people would like to be like me and would like to become more conscientious and better to their health, they should ban smoking at the restaurants in order to achieve this goal. If they can do that, they will take a step towards being more healthy as a country.

﻿Without really knowing much about the culture or the people of Japan, it would be a little ignorant for me to make a statement on this issue that would have any real impact. However, I am comfortable in stating my opinion that smoking is a terrible habit, and I try to avoid smokers in my personal and professional life as much as possible. Is extremely frustrating to work with somebody who has to leave several times throughout the hour to go engage in some activity that is literally killing them by the day, and I do not wish this fate upon even my worst enemies. As one continues their career in college, one expects himself/herself and also the people around them too overall become smarter and better people. Smoking is kind of a curious habit that has remained for reasons I cannot fully understand, but I hope that one day soon we will not have to worry about it anymore. The number of deaths every year from smoking is higher than the number of deaths from car crashes and other accidents combined, and the figures really speak volumes about the choices people are making which have direct influences on their very lives. If I had to say one way or the other, I think it would be better to lean towards the side of caution and just go ahead and ban smoking at the restaurants in Japan.

﻿I agree because I am studying at college full-time and also working two part-time jobs which have been a real boon for me. I think that even though it has been a bit of a squeeze to fit everything in a lot of the time, I have learned a lot of tips and tricks to get the most out of my time, cut down the learning curve and for the first time in a long time, I haven't been throwing my money away as much as I used to. It has worked out for me and I have also learned a lot from my two bosses. I wouldn't say that it has been a lot of fun every day, but it hasn't been as bad as I thought and if I approach it in a methodical way, most things seem to fall into place fairly easily. I thought that my studies would suffer but they haven't because I found that if I just stick to my time schedules, I seem to get everything done OK. It is working out for me and provided that I stick to the new strategies and processes that I have learned, I believe that I won't run into to many major problems. This might not be the ideal thing for everyone else, but I can only say that it is working for me. I found that it was important for me to remember that some days, everything just doesn't go to plan and that there will be the odd stuff up here and there and that's OK because by sticking to my plans and schedule, it all gets sorted in the end.

﻿I don't agree at all. I think that it should be left up to the owner's discretion. If we allow governments to legislate everything, supposedly in the publics' best interests, then where is it going to end? Next thing you know, they will start legislating how many tissues can be passed out at the train stations. If we give them too much power, then they will start to monitor everything that we do. I don't believe that it is the government's job and if commercial establishments a. k. a. restaurants, want to regulate their own establishments, then that's fine. I seriously believe that many governments are interfering far too much in ordinary folk's daily lives as it is. I feel that it would be far better just to have smoking and non-smoking restaurants and let customers decide for themselves where they want to eat. After all, that's called democracy and Japan has a democratic government don't they? I don't think that it is a good idea for the Japanese government to outright ban smoking in restaurants because I believe that it goes against the very principles of democracy. The people elect the government anyway, so why not put it to the people and let them and the restaurants decide? That would be the democratic thing to do in my view and I am certain that most people would have a lot more respect for the government rather than being told to do this and do that all the time.

﻿I don't think that is important for college students to have a part-time job. Our main goal as students is to graduate with a degree that will help us in securing a great job and a great financial future. Part-time work is simply a distraction from school, and parents should try to encourage their kids to become more responsible and more knowledgeable about money management by taking some business classes, and not pressure them into doing something that will cut into their other important activities like sleeping or social interaction. Unfortunately, many parents and many employers do not feel this way, so it is difficult to reconcile this with my opinion above. Although I do not personally think it is important for college students to have a part-time job, the majority of the business world and other individuals do think so, and therefore I might have to say that I have rethought my answer on this subject. Just because I myself don't think that is important for college students to have a part-time job, the fact that many others do actually make it so that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Please excuse my flip flopping on the situation.

﻿I am a smoker, and although I agree that the restaurants thing is an issue, I don't think that banning smoking in restaurants will have the intended effect. If you ban smoking in restaurants, smokers will just find some other place to smoke, and it may be indoors. I think the real solution would be for smokers to become more considerate of others and learn how to smoke politely, as it were. It is possible to be a conscientious and polite smoker, and many people are very surprised when they find out that I smoke cigarettes because my clothes don't smell bad, my house is very clean and does not smell bad either, and I'd never smoke around people who are nonsmokers. If there were more people who are willing to be like this, smoking would not be a problem at all. Therefore, instead of banning restaurants from allowing smoking, why not raise awareness of the habits and actions that could be called polite smoking. Smokers have to deal with a lot of negative stigma already, whether they are good people or not, and I don't think it is fair to prosecute everyone based on the actions of a few.

﻿Smoking should not be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Smoking has already been banned at all the restaurants in my home state, and it is unfair. It would be much fairer if they just kept it so that all the restaurants have a smoking and a nonsmoking area. That way, everyone is happy. But now, since smoking has been banned in restaurants, it is harder for the smokers to enjoy their nights out. Only the nonsmokers have benefited by this decision to ban smoking in restaurants, and it is not fair to make rules that only help some people. I also don't think that Japanese smokers will be happy if smoking is banned in their restaurants, so they should not ban it. I know that smoking is bad for my health, and I do plan to quit one day, but for the time being I think that it is fine. A lot of college students smoke, and it is a good way to meet new people and enjoy talking with friends at parties. Smokers do not want to hurt anybody, and we are people just like everybody else, please don't charge all of us based on the actions of only a few rude people.

﻿Whether or not I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job pales in comparison to the cold, hard facts. Recently, I read a report in which it was stated that more than 70% of college students in America had a part-time position. Therefore, whether you want to or not, the fact of the matter is that most kids these days are doing part-time work, and if you do not do the same as them you may be left behind in the continually competitive world of business. Being in college shelters you only somewhat from this way of doing things, and so you should give yourself a chance to be exposed to the real way of business so that you are not completely shocked when you graduate from college. I think that the students of today are more hardworking and more focused than the students of prior generations, and we have to work much harder to keep up with the always improving standard of living. There is therefore no doubt in my mind that it is important for college students to have a part-time job, because even though you can go back and forth on the subject, you cannot deny what is happening in the world today.

﻿I agree with the topic that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. However, they should make sure that they only have a part-time job if they are able to balance it with that demands of a busy school schedule. I think that students are supposed to be in college to go to school, and things that get in the way of that are kind of counterproductive. It is important to learn how to work quickly and efficiently so that if you have a large project on your hands, you can deal with it well. Companies will appreciate students who have developed this skill as they can make better use of their time and the salary of their pay by the company and produce higher quality work. Finally, students to engage in part-time work in college are finding ways to expand their horizons and expand their experience in college. This is an important and basic part of any college, and choose students should do as well as they can in order to find ways to brighten their futures and give them self experience that they can take advantage of for their entire lives.

﻿I disagree with this opinion. I have three opinions. First, most students often seek part-time jobs at entertainment establishments such as bars or nightclubs as an escape from school life. These part-time jobs could be an obvious distraction in their daily studies. Students would be more attracted to the lucrative tips instead of attending classes or study groups. Second, in extreme cases, when students are exposed to very lucrative part-time jobs such as dealing at a Las Vegas casino, they would most likely quit school. For example, students would be mesmerized at the cash potential of winning at the tables in Las Vegas. Currently, there is a nationwide boom with Texas Hold'Em Poker in North America. Recently, students have been learning to become professional poker players rather than pursuing a diploma or degree. Third, Texas Hold'Em Poker has become so popular that many young players have evolved from learning online. If you are skilled, with some luck, the prize money is quite rewarding. This new trend has swept North America and continues to grow larger. Playing online poker has become the new addictive drug. You have access to play 24 hours and a chance to win substantial cash prizes. This part-time job is fast becoming a full-time job for many young students. The goal is to enter a poker tournament and ultimately win the grand prize money. Based on the above reasons, I am against the opinion. This allows students an opportunity for an incomplete education.

﻿I was always taught that smoking is very wrong. Your body is your temple, and harming your body is the same as harming god. However, some people think it is okay to continue smoking even though they are hurting themselves. What's even worse is that they are harming other people too. By being a bad role model, they are condemning their progeny to repeat our mistakes. As we continue to live we should move closer to the Lord Jesus Christ, and I think this is also true for Japanese people. In history class, I learned that many Japanese people are now becoming Christians, and this is a good thing. If they have anything to do with being good Christians, they will work hard to ban smoking in the restaurants because they know it is bad. Next, smoking has simply lost some of the cool factor that it had back when I was a kid. The cause of that, there really is no reason to smoke anymore. It is not cool, it is not healthy, and everyone knows that. The fact that anyone continues to smoke bobbles my mind, and the fact that there are governments who are not willing to ban it in restaurants also boggles my mind.

﻿I disagree with this statement. One of the main reasons is because it creates billions of revenue for the government that can be then recycled and used to restore old buildings or some other areas of need in our cities. If smokers are not allowed to smoke in restaurants then it will stop a lot of the single people and groups of people without children from going there. They will find other places to go to and so the restaurant business and culture will be affected. Smoking brings people together and is a very sociable habit. It creates friendships and brings people together. People should be allowed to do what they like when they like as long as it doesn't harm others. There is no hard evidence that smoking causes lung cancer or any other diseases. It is just non-smokers who have made up this phenomenon to create controversy. I am yet to see any real evidence linking the two together. Cigarettes now have filters and are not so strong compared to before when no filters were used. People should stop complaining so much and get on with their own lives. Also, most restaurants have adequate air conditioners and so the smoke is quickly taken out of the room and therefore doesn't annoy any other visitors there. When you enter a restaurant it doesn't smell of cigarettes so that is the proof that it is not affecting the air or making the furniture smell of smoke. Smokers should be allowed their freedom to smoke where they want.

﻿I think it is not important for students to have a part-time job while they are in college. There are two main reasons for my opinion. They are concentration on studies and spending more time with family. College students should concentrate more on their studies that interest them for the future. Currently in Japan, I believe a large majority of students study and major in subjects that they will not be interested in at all after their graduation. They tend to find employment in completely different fields or industry that are not at all related to their four years of study. Why waste several years studying something that you are not interested in? There are some students that have part-time jobs who eventually do dropout of college due to losing interest in their studies and having more interest in making money. They become trapped with the image of material goods and an exciting social life with the money that they have earned versus the boring life of uninteresting study and having little money to do anything. Communication is now an important social issue in Japan. There have been reports in the media that the amount of time communicating together within a typical Japanese family is getting smaller and smaller. If college students have part-time jobs that are likely to be on the weekends, certainly this would have an effect. The weekends are an opportunity when all members of a family can possibly gather together and spend time together.

﻿Recently more evidence has proven that second hand smoke can cause cancer. It is a very unhealthy feeling to enter a restaurant ready to eat a delicious healthy meal only to be disappointed by the smell of unhealthy cigarette smoke, just the smell of cigarette smoke in a restaurant makes me feel nauseas. Smoking in a closed area even if the restaurant has a no smoking area is still a problem. The smoke still lingers to the no smoking area. Some restaurants don't have non smoking areas and after leaving the restaurant my clothes smell like cigarettes. This is not a good feeling for me. Making a law which bans smoking in restaurants is a very good idea because this would allow everybody to enjoy various foods offered in the community and also allows teenagers and children to go to the restaurants without having to breathe second hand smoke. Starbucks is a good example of a smoke free coffee shop and this image has made them very popular. Their policy is to smoke outside which I feel other restaurant should follow. Smoking these days is a very unhealthy habit and more people are against the fact of smoking than for smoking. Restaurants could have more business if they offered a smoke free environment. Most smokers crave a cigarette after a meal but which is important, a nice cooked meal in a beautiful restaurant or smoking a cigarette. I think the meal. These bans put on smoking will eventually lead people to quit because they don't want to bother with all the hassles. As they realize that many areas now don't allow smoking many people are inclined to cut back on the number of cigarettes they smoke, thus leading to a healthier lifestyle for smokers and non smokers alike.

﻿The benefits of having a part-time job far outweigh any consequences on studies that having a part-time job may have. Many adults are worried about whether having a part-time job will negatively impact the performance in school of their children, but I think that most children nowadays are good enough at multitasking to be able to handle the stresses and demands of more than simply one primarily use of their time. Having a part-time job in college has taught me how to be a good employee of a company as well as have to be more professional in interacting with other people whose ideas I do not always agree with. I have found out that you do not necessarily have to like someone in order to be able to work with them, and I think it is a good thing if other students can figure out this lesson as well so that they don't simply spend all their time doing any group work that arises with just their friends. I am also to make a small amount of money, but it is enough to have fun on the weekends as well as help my parents pay for some of my school expenses every semester. I feel very proud and very responsible to be able to contribute like this.

﻿A part-time job is a good part of becoming a successful career oriented woman. I currently have a part-time job in a local salon, and even though this part-time job is not really related to my major, I feel like I am learning good things that I can apply in the real world when I graduate and start to look for a real career. For example, I have learned how to deal with a variety of kinds of people as customers. Some people do not understand what it is like to be a customer service position, and they do not treat you very well, but you still have to be nice and smile at them and be polite. On the other hand, there are many people who have had a customer service position who understand the difficulties as well as the perks, and they are truly a pleasure to deal with because they will treat you very well and not give you a hard time. Lastly, working at a part-time job teaches you a lot about money because not only do you have to manage your own money, you can see how other people have to manage theirs as well so that they can pay for haircuts and other salon treatments.

﻿I think a part-time job is a great way for any student to expand their experience in college and learn a lot of lessons that they would have to learn later in the workforce. A part-time job is a great way to prepare for graduating college, and since I am a proponent of following one's own opinions, I have had a part-time job for quite a long time. When I graduate with my PHD in the spring of next year, I think I will have enough education and enough part-time experience to secure a really excellent full time position, and I also am considering staying in the university and beginning a teaching profession. As a result, my part-time tutor jobs and other jobs I have held in the university will be a valuable asset to me. In the same way, other college students may accrue valuable experience which will be related to their future careers and in the process ensure themselves the opportunity to land an excellent job. Also, having a part-time job is really a godsend when any financial difficulties come up, and it is really a relief to not have to worry about a sudden medical bill or an unexpected repair bill for the car or the house to destroy my bank account.

﻿I agree and would like to know if and when this is going to happen? Because I would like to be around to see it. This has been coming for a long time actually and there have been many discussions already. I think that it would be in Japan's best interests to keep up with what is happening in the world in this regard. Japan could easily introduce bans on smoking in restaurants and it has got to be in the best interests of the Japanese people for the future. Since the publicity many bans have received has been fairly positive in most cases, I don't feel that this is an area that Japan should be concerned about. Even if the bans were receiving adverse publicity I believe that Japan should go ahead with the bans and simply have a public display of all the medical evidence related to smoking and the many deaths that it causes for all the naysayers to see. In this way, it would be highly unlikely that they could attempt to make a strong argument opposing the bans and would have to try another tac. All in all though I feel that the Japanese Government may be surprised at the amount of support that they will receive for introducing the bans.

﻿I agree with this statement that students in college should have a part-time job. However, I think that a college student should only have a part-time job if they can find one that relates to their major. It is kind of a waste of time to do anything that wouldn't really help you in graduating from college, and the fact of the matter is that if you can find a part-time job that is related to your major, you'll gain valuable experience and probably also make more money than you would at a job that is completely unrelated to your major. A part-time job gives you the opportunity to develop crucial skills like responsibility and money management while you're still young so that you will not have to worry about these after you graduate. You already have developed the skills to a point where they are nearly second nature, so you'll be miles ahead of the other students who are just beginning to discover these problems after they graduate. Lastly, a part-time job is a good thing to list on your resume because it shows that you were good enough at school to have enough time to engage in another pursuit.

﻿I would disagree with the above statement for the following reasons: Loss of income for restaurant owners and the rights of smokers. If smoking was to be banned in all restaurants in Japan, it would have a major impact on many businesses which would lead to some of them closing down. I have read that Japan has impressive statistics with the number of restaurants in the country; there is a restaurant for every group of 85 people. Some argue that it is okay to partition off a restaurant into smoking and non-smoking areas, however a lot of restaurants are too small to be able to achieve this. In some countries of Europe, a smoking ban was enforced in restaurants and bars. One year later, it was widely reported that many businesses had suffered due to the ban. Without a doubt it will have the same effect here in Japan. Recently in Japan, the rights of smokers have diminished in many places around the country. JR West railways has allowed smoking at only selected areas of the platform, a city ward in Tokyo has completely banned smoking within its boundary, Midosuji Boulevard from Yodoyabashi to Honmachi is strictly non-smoking and many offices now ban smoking within the building. If restaurants are included in this ban, I'm sure that many small restaurant owners in order for them to survive will turn a blind eye to their customers smoking and risk breaking the law.

﻿Smoking is very traditional in my family. Ever since I was a little girl, my parents of have been smoking, and their parents and their parents before them were all smokers. Sometimes it makes me sad that I come from a family of such heavy smokers because all four of my grandparents died from lung cancer, and they died a relatively young age mostly in their early seventies. Even though they were kind of young when they died, the last years of their life was very bad and they did not have a very high quality of life. So in some ways, they really only lived like 50 or 60 years, and that is simply to shorten the time seeing as it is the age of modern science and medicine. I don't think that tobacco companies are doing a good enough job of explaining the harmful side effects of their products, and I don't think that governments are doing enough to restrict usage of tobacco in public places. Although I don't really know anything about Japan, I hope that they will ban smoking in restaurants so that no young people have to watch their relatives pass away in pain and agony.

﻿I disagree with this opinion. I have three opinions. First, if smoking is banned in all restaurants this may begin a trend in other establishments such as bars and nightclubs. Eventually retailers would follow the trend to ban smoking in shopping malls. Shoppers could also enjoy a smoke free shopping experience. Franchises and larger operations may be able to survive the decline in business. However, the small restaurateur would struggle with the lost sales from smokers. The restaurant industry would suffer not only from local business but could also lose business from tourists. Second, business tax revenue for the government would be reduced due to slow business. Small restaurateurs would be forced to close their businesses. Some would even go bankrupt by attempting to turn the business around. The government would need to offer incentives for restaurateurs to remain in business. Third, the casualty insurance industry would also profit less due to lower premiums. Many small insurance brokers serving the commercial business community would suffer from lower profits. A non smoking establishment would have zero probability of a fire due to smoking. Therefore, there would be less liability from customer negligence. Based on the above reasons, I am against the opinion. This is supporting the business community.

﻿Too many people, smoking is cool. There is a certain aesthetic appeal of smoking and wisps of smoke that waft around the smoker. Many tobacco commercials, although there are not played on public television anymore in the United States, were very sexy and interesting to watch. I think that there is a lot of sex appeal to smoking, but more than that, I think there is a lot of money in the tobacco industry so there is no incentive for the tobacco companies to do anything that would harm their profits. If the government passed legislation that banned smoking at restaurants in Japan, the Japanese tobacco companies would probably be very upset and may even have some sort of countermeasure ready in case this event transpired. Nevertheless, I do think it is a very serious problem that the country allows smoking in public places because it is very harmful to the health of everyone around the smoker. Finally, cigarette smoke smells very bad and seems to permeate the homes and the clothing of smokers, which makes it unpleasant to be around them even when they are not smoking. In all, I think that smoking will hang around for a little bit longer, but it is necessary to ban it at public places like restaurants.

﻿Personally, I don't think that it's terribly important for a college student to have a part time job. If he or she really needs the money in order to pay tuition or to get by without starving, then I would deem it important to find some kind of work. However, if finances are not an issue, I don't believe that it's important or necessary. Perhaps there are a lot of people who think that working is a great life experience and that by working a part time job, college students will better understand the value of a dollar and the value of hard work. Don't you think that the 40 to 45 years of having to work after graduating is enough time to get that experience? I do. The youth of today have so many pressures as it is. I don't think that adding to that, the pressure of a part time job while they are trying to prepare for the rest of their lives, pass exams, fit into social clicks, avoid drugs and social rejection will make them a better person. If it is at all possible, I believe we should let the youth of today focus on their studies and let them enjoy a less complicated life before they are thrown to the working dogs for the remainder of their working lives.

﻿Smoking should be allowed at the restaurants in Japan. Smoking is a personal choice and no one has the right to tell you what you can or cannot do. I have never been to Japan, but I think that the people there probably feel the same way. The best restaurant is the one that best accommodates the wishes of its customers, and restaurants stand to gain the most by attracting as many customers as possible. However, I do not think that this freedom should come at the expense of another's; namely, the nonsmokers. In the same way that people who want to smoke should be able to do so, people who do not want to smoke or be around people who are smoking should not have to do so. Therefore, the best solution is to simply establish both smoking and nonsmoking areas in restaurants. It is also important that these areas be well separated and that a good air circulation system be in place. I have been to a few restaurants where the non-smoking area really didn't seem that much different from the smoking area, and of course this affected my dining experience. In conclusion, smoking should not be banned at all the restaurants in Japan as long as people who do not smoke can still enjoy them.

﻿I have been in favor of banning smoking in public restaurants since I was a teenager. At that age, I had very sensitive skin and eyes, and I found that the cigarette smoke which accumulated indoors would aggravate my condition. This made me very hateful of smoking and smokers in general, but the more I think about it the more I realize that we just need to provide a place for them where they can smoke without worrying about hurting many other people or being rude. I also know that smoking is very bad for your lungs and causes your blood to have less oxygen than the blood of a non-smoker, which is very unhealthy for your entire body. In some ways, it does not seem fair to limit the rights of people by banning smoking, but I think that the government should do more to regulate this area because it is so important to maintain good health of the citizens. All of these ideas are equally valid in any country, so I think that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan. If this cannot be accomplished, I hope at least that they have very well maintained smoking and nonsmoking areas in all of the restaurants.

﻿In today's world, a part-time job is starting to become common even before college such as in high school or in some rare cases even before that. This goes to show the kids are getting more responsible overall, and so it would make sense to say that it is important for college students to have a part-time job as well. In today's world, the fact that so many young kids have part-time jobs should be a motivation for those that do not to keep up with their peers. Next, college students these days probably have more personal and tuition expenses than those in the generation of our parents, and so we should help our parents out at least in spirit by getting a part-time job to show them that we are investing in our own educations as well. There are also many people who claim that having a part-time job takes valuable time that a student should spend studying away from them. In some ways I agree with this, but I think that most kids today are good enough at multitasking to handle balancing a variety of activities and uses of their time. Things in the world keep getting faster and faster, and if we do not change to keep up with them, we will fall behind.

﻿I don't think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Although I have never been there, smoking has been illegal in my home state in restaurants since I was a kid. I am a smoker, and I feel that I should have the right to smoke anywhere I want to. Smoking is especially satisfying after a good meal, in much the same way as a good cup of coffee a satisfying after a good desert. I don't understand why anyone thinks they have the right to tell me what I can or cannot do in a public place. I think that many smokers will be upset if smoking is banned at all the restaurants because to them it is just as much a part of the experience as a meal itself. Having to go outside just to have a cigarette is a huge pain, and if the nonsmokers really care that much maybe they shouldn't go to restaurants. Most restaurants have a nonsmoking section anyway, so I really don't see the problem. The bottom line is that people should be free to do whatever they want to do as long as that does not affect other people.

﻿If we can take part-time jobs to be internships, I think that they are a varied necessary and important part of the college experience. I major in engineering, and for me, it will be almost impossible to get a good job when I finish my degree if I do not have some previous work experience. For other students with technical majors, I think the case is similar, and they should find some way to incorporate part-time work into their curriculum because it will definitely improve their prospects of employment when they go about seeking a full time position. However, I don't think that a student should waste their time doing part-time work at restaurants or other places where the experience they gain is not applicable to their overall goals. This is just a quick way to make money and a way to kill time, and students are doing themselves a disservice by engaging in this kind of activity. Continuing along this line of thought also reveals that the students who take part time jobs at restaurants and other places may suffer the unfortunate fate of having to work there much longer than they want to, whereas students who pursue different kinds of employment are putting themselves in a position to develop their careers.

﻿Smoking has been banned at the restaurants in my state since I was a little girl. I cannot even remember the times when people still smoked in restaurants, but my parents often tell me how bad it was, and how they sometimes did not even want to go to restaurants. I am one of the people who think that smoking is one of the dumbest things you can do because of the harm to your body, your mind, and even your soul. If you smoke, you will negatively affect the quality of your life especially in your older years. Many people claim that the lung cancer and throat cancer that people often get from smoking is one of the most heartbreaking ways to watch somebody die. The good thing is that if you are currently a smoker and if you quit right away, your body has the chance to heal and you may even reach a point where you are in as good of health as you were before you started smoking. However, many people have a very difficult time to quit smoking, so banning smoking at the restaurants may be one way to motivate them to achieve their dream of quitting. I therefore think that Japan would be well off to follow the example of Colorado and ban smoking in restaurants.

﻿There are many benefits of having a part-time job for college students, so I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. By having a part-time job, students are able to expand their set of skills and to expand the set of talents that they will use when they one day find a career. This is very important because if students cannot become skilled enough to find a fulltime job after they graduate, they will have wasted part of their lives in college. I agree that it is very important for college students to spend a lot of their time studying, but a few hours of part-time work every week shouldn't be so bad that students start to fail their classes and start cutting classes too. Therefore, any student who thinks that having a part-time job is a bad idea is simply afraid of having to work a little bit hard or to do some great things for himself. Many people have some strange psychological fear of success, and they allow this to impact their career and life choices as well as their level of happiness. So, buck up, find a part-time job, and start working your way to happiness today.

﻿As with my last response, I feel that it is much easier to rely on numbers than it is to make qualitative arguments that have no real basis. I have to admit that I am not as well educated on the subject of smoking and I have not recently read any news about the subject, but I would venture to say that an overwhelming majority of people think that smoking should be banned in restaurants. That's it. No more discussion. We live in a democratic society, and I am not sure if Japan as a democratic society as well, but if the majority of people there think smoking should be banned in restaurants too, then they should just do it. By living in a democratic society, we have agreed to support the idea that the majority rules. One thing that makes this difficult, however, is that most democratic societies also put a strong emphasis on freedom of speech and action. No one should be persecuted for their beliefs or for their actions, and so in some ways it is difficult to approach this object in a completely satisfactory way. Nonetheless, if the majority of Japanese people think that smoking should be banned in restaurants, it should.

﻿I've held a part-time job in college since my undergraduate years and I am currently in the last year of my Ph. D. Probably as a result of my own experience, I therefore think that most college student should have a part-time job and there time in college. Surely, it is more appropriate for some students than for others, but the fact of the matter is that at some point, every college student runs low on money and will need to somehow make some in order to keep living and having fun. Also, having a part-time job can allow younger students to mature and become more responsible as well as teaching them how to follow directions and how to work under somebody else's guidance. I feel that students that do not have a part-time job are much less prepared for the careers they will eventually have in the real world than those who do. Lastly, having a part-time job is a great way to meet new friends outside of your of major. Too many of my friends in undergraduate school spend all their time with just one group of people and were not able to experience the wonderful diversity of personalities and backgrounds that one can find in the college setting.

﻿I disagree with this statement because I think that college students should spend all of their time studying and not worrying about other things. When we graduate from College we will be able to work for around 40 years so I think we should concentrate 100% on school. Too many College students spend their time working and then this distracts them from doing homework or going home at a reasonable time. If we do part-time jobs then we will start to earn money. When we earn money we can buy things and go out to restaurants with our friends whenever we want. This could easily turn into a vicious circle and before we know it, the part-time work has become more important than college and studying. Students should postpone entering the "real world" until they graduate fully from College. There are too many distractions when we start to work part-time jobs. These experiences can only have a negative influence on young people. I think that any free time that college students may have after they have finished studying should be spent with their families. College students should be taught how to do housework and chores so when they leave home and live by themselves it won't be a problem. Governments should place a ban on employers who employ people who are still in further education.

﻿Usually I just stay away from smoking in general and so I don't have any very strong opinions on the subject, but it is pretty easy to say that from a logical perspective it would be a good idea to ban smoking at restaurants in Japan. This is because of the well-known and wide ranging diseases from smoking such as cancer. I feel like it is even almost so bad that you can pretty much guarantee yourself to get cancer if you smoke. I'm sure there are some people that smoke for a long time and have no cancer, but either they will develop cancer in the future or they're very lucky to have extremely strong bodies. Most humans to not have bodies that are that strong, and so smoking can cause serious health problems throughout their life. More than that, however, I think that smoking is a waste of money and time. Not only will smoking shorten your life, but you have to spend valuable minutes each day going outside to smoke. Japanese business people are very busy as I hear it, so, perhaps they can use some of their time more wisely if they quit smoking, and banning smoking at restaurants will also fit right in with this idea.

﻿A part-time job can have a lot of great benefits for all college students, so all college students should have a part-time job. I work at a small local restaurant, and I have learned a lot there which I probably could not have learned if I had only gone to school. For instance, I have learned how to cook a variety of foods, and I have also learned how to interact with customers in a professional and polite way. Furthermore, I have learned how to take inventory and make orders for new products as we need them. In the world and management is a very important skill that can help me if I ever decide to pursue more work in the restaurant industry. Also, students who have part-time jobs appear more responsible than their counterparts who do not. My parents often praise me for being so responsible and for finding a part-time job so I can learn how to be an adult, as they say, and it feels good to know I am doing something that makes them proud. If other parents would like their children to work part-time too, they have the right to do so as to parents. Hopefully, they also take into consideration the very unique circumstances surrounding any one person on this beautiful earth.

﻿As college students, should we expect our parents to pay for all of our tuition and board expenses, or should we begin to learn about the real world and the important topic of financial responsibility? I tend to lean towards the latter as I feel that students often spend too long holding on to their childhood and refusing to grow up. My dad is always telling me how I should have to contribute towards my bills, car expenses, books and other expenses. He says when he was in college he worked more than 30 hours per week at a part-time job and still graduated early. He feels that he set the bar pretty high and I should be able to at least keep up with him. Honestly I have to say that I agree, but sometimes it gets tiring to hear him say the same thing over and over again. Most of my friends have part-time jobs and they seem to do well when it comes to balancing their schedules and managing their time well. I think their only a few students were so busy with school that they cannot find any time to invest in a part-time job, and so there's really no excuse for being a bum.

﻿I think part-time work is important for college students. This is because I myself have a part-time job, and I think that it is helping me a lot. Before I came to college, I had no work experience, but now that I've been a college for a while, I have gained enough experience to consider myself ready to enter the business world when I graduate from school next year. I have pursued internships every summer since I was a freshman, and through these internships I have gained quite a variety of skills. My first summer, I worked as an IT assistant at a local computer store, and the next summer, I was part of the university's IT and security team. The following summer, I continued my position at the university, and I believe I will do so the coming summer as well. From all of these experiences, my eye key skills have become very well developed, and IT is a big business these days, so I feel that I have done a good job in getting myself into a position where it will be easy to acquire a full time job after I graduate. So, other students would be benefited by following this kind of idea, and I therefore think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.

﻿It is obvious that there are many proponents of banning smoking in Japanese restaurants or else the question would not have been posed. Even though I do not know much about Japan, I think it is safe to say that smoking in restaurants causes a problem for a lot of people. First are the other people who go to the restaurant. They probably have gone to the restaurants to enjoy a good meal in good company, and nothing ruins a nice night out more than a room foggy with smoke. Next, I think smoking is disrespectful to the people who work at the restaurant. Even though the other customers may only have to endure the second hand smoke for one or 2 hours, the restaurants staff has to work for as many as 8 hours or more at a time, and so they will have to be around smoke much longer. Also, the restaurant chefs probably put a lot of work into creating the menu and they work very hard to maintain the quality of their food. Smoking adds an aroma and an element to the atmosphere which even the best chef cannot deal with. For all of these reasons, banning smoking at restaurants in Japan would appear to be a good idea.

﻿As you might have guessed from my other response, my mother is very protective of me, so smoking has always been a taboo subject in my household. One time I even just had a stupid Marlboro hat, and she was mad at me for a long time simply for having something that was related to cigarettes. I think that there are just as many Japanese moms out there who are very protective like my own, and they hate to see the fact that smoking is allowed in restaurants because they know how bad it is for their children. Also, they do not want their children to get involved in an activity that might lead to worse things such as drinking and gambling or even hard drugs. Although I do not appreciate my mother is strict control of me, I realize that she has my best interests in mind, and if the Japanese mothers have the best interests of their children in mind as well, they should seek to make this a more discussed issue so that they can ban smoking in the restaurants very soon. I hope that if I am never lucky enough to go to Japan that I did not have to worry about whether are not the restaurants are smoky.

﻿It is not important for college students to have a part-time job. The primary goal of any student should be to study. Anything beyond study, whether club membership, community service, or a part-time job, is supplementary to a student's education. There can be several benefits to having a part-time job. The principle benefits being that the student is able to earn some extra money and gain work experience. Extra money is always welcome and work experience may be helpful in finding a full-time job upon graduation. Although, if one works part-time at the local fast-food restaurant and hopes to secure a position as a computer programmer upon graduation, then burger flipping experience might not be very helpful. On the other hand, a part-time job can also have a decidedly negative impact on studies. For example, if a student, particularly a first-year student, is already stretched thin by the requirements of college-level courses, then in no way is a part-time job beneficial. Students must be able to focus on their studies and they should weigh carefully the impact of extra-curricular activities on their academic performance. If there is negligible negative impact, then a part-time job or any other extra-curricular activity should be fine. In the end, working a part-time job while studying full-time can be a positive or negative factor and the decision to take-up part-time work should be left solely at students' discretion.

﻿I think that it would probably be a pretty good idea to completely ban smoking in all the restaurants in Japan. Here in Colorado, smoking has been illegal in restaurants for kind of a long time, and I think this makes our states seem much more healthy and clean. Of course, there are the arguments of health and second hand smoke and more, but the real reason I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants is because it negatively impacts the experience. People go to restaurants because they want to have a good time and eat some food that they cannot cook by themselves, so I think that smoking in a restaurant is kind of like an insult both to the cook who works very hard to make delicious food as well as to the other patrons who are there to enjoy themselves. If I went to a restaurant and was talking very loudly or making a lot of noise I think you would be safe to say that a lot of other customers and would be very unhappy. To me, smoking in a restaurant is practically the same thing, and so in order to be polite to people around you, smoking should not be allowed in restaurants.

﻿Part-time work is a good way for students to get smarter. Everyone thinks that the only way you can get smarter this is by studying in school, but it is very easy to learn some new things by having a part-time job. I don't have any specific examples in mind. However, I do know that some of my friends have part-time jobs and they always have some reason to smile when they come back from work. I think this means that they are having a good time and that they are happy. So it is probably a good thing that they have part-time jobs. By having part-time jobs, they are allowed to find out some new things that might help them in school or outside of school. It is not good to just be book smart, it is good to be street smart too. That is what matters in the real world. Even a genius like Albert Einstein had some problems during simple things like tying his own shoes. I am not a genius, but I can tie my own shoes, and I think that I would like to find a part-time job to give me more street smarts so I can take advantage of that.

﻿Many parents want their students to be more responsible. Many students want to have more freedom. One way for both groups to have a winning solution is for the college students to have a part-time job, so I think it is a good thing for college students to have a part-time job. The students, for their part, demonstrate to their parents that they are responsible and ready enough to have a part-time job and to function effectively in the business world. The parents will see that their children are becoming responsible and be willing to give them more leeway to do as they please. They do not have to be so controlling of the children because the children are showing them that they have what it takes to make decisions for themselves. Next, many students need to make money. College is very expensive, and so many of them have to find a part-time job so that they can pay to go to school. It is not so hard to find a part-time job in college, because in every college town, there are many businesses that are very used to the college town environment, in which many college students work. They are usually very understanding of the need for flexibility in a college employee's schedule.

﻿Smoking is an absolutely disgusting habit, and I have no sympathy for the people who choose to destroy their bodies by smoking cigarettes. The fact that smoking is allowed at restaurants in Japan is simply astonishing given the otherwise forward thinking and technological advancement in that country. In a Japanese history class, I learned that Japan is usually quick to import the customs of other countries and adapt them into their own unique Japanese way. Many states in the United States of America have already banned smoking in public places including restaurants, and this would lead me to believe that Japan will eventually do so as well. It is simply a matter of time until enough people realize that it is simply not acceptable to have a habit that can directly affect the health of other people around you especially people you don't even know. It would seem that any sensible person would not want to give a complete stranger any kind of health problems especially ones as serious as the ones that accompany smoking and second hand smoke. If the Japanese follow the pattern of their own history which has already been established I think that it is only a matter of time before they follow the example set by the United States and ban smoking in all the public restaurants.

﻿Banning smoking at restaurants has been a matter of debate in many of the United States for at least the last 20 years. It therefore does not surprise me that the issue has begun to arise in Japan as well. Because it is the same issue, I feel that many of the arguments that are often brought up when it is discussed in the American context will also lend themselves to being applied well in the Japanese context. I do not intend to summarize these issues, but rather to state that we can wait and see how things play out in America for both the smokers and the nonsmokers, and depending on the outcome, Japan will have a great example about how it should go about dealing with the same issue in that country. I think that everyone in the world should stop being so enveloped in their own country's affairs and look to other countries for guidance especially when the matter at hand is one that has already found a solution. Therefore, I submit that the Japanese populace should be patient until the time when America finds a good solution on this issue as a whole country, because if just a few states find a solution, that is not really applicable on a nationwide scale.

﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. When I think back on my days as a college student in New Zealand, it would have been difficult to do several things without money. I had several part-time jobs that enabled me to have continued with my tertiary studies, to pay my monthly rent for housing and to enjoy various social activities. In New Zealand, it is common for teenagers after graduating from high school and then going onto university to move out of the family home and to spread their wings and become independent. Ultimately, the main reasons are, freedom to do whatever you wanted, hang out with friends and to prove to your parents that you were able to take care of yourself. Naturally, we need money to cover university fees, rent and daily living expenses including entertainment. I was fortunate to receive a government sponsored student loan for the next 3 years, which covered all my tertiary fees and educational materials. However, there wasn't enough money left to pay for rent or living expenses. During my time at university, I worked part-time as a gas station attendant, kitchen hand, video rental clerk, parking attendant, several times as a waiter and finally as a hotel porter. Working through a variety of jobs provided me with skills that are important for life. I developed better communicative social skills working with different people, how to organize my finances more efficiently with living expenses and a sense of responsibility related to either work or my private life.

﻿I agree with this opinion. I have three opinions. First, a part-time job in their field of study would be beneficial. Students would be able to gain hands on experience in the industry. This experience can contribute student opinions outside of the textbook. Working in the industry could help determine if the student selected the appropriate field. All study programs do not offer internships where students have the opportunity to obtain hands on experience. Therefore, seeking a part-time job related to their studies could be very rewarding. Second, many students are unsure and undecided of their future. The opportunity to experience working in their field of study could be quite helpful in choosing the direction of their future. A part-time job in an unrelated field of study could discover new interests and offer more options for a brighter future. Third, an appropriate part-time job could inspire students to excel in their current field of studies. Most students are not diligent until their senior years. Work experience could offer a point of view from the real world which is often difficult to comprehend from a textbook. Based on the above reasons, I support the opinion. This is to encourage students to not waste time in discovering the direction of their future.

﻿I think that is probably important for college students to have a part-time job in college because everyone is always talking about this issue, and my parents have always strongly encouraged me to get a part-time job. I have only just entered college, and I think I would like to take a semester or two to get accustomed to the college environment before I tried to do too many things at once. If I feel that I'm able to deal with both classes and work in a manner which is acceptable to me, I will definitely pursue part time work, and at that time, my opinion will probably be that college students should always without a doubt have a part-time job. However, if I find that I do not have enough time, I will probably begin to think that it is not so important for college students to have a job. It really comes down to how well you can balance both activities, and this will vary based upon individuals. What might be too much work for me is probably a comfortable amount of work for someone else, and so our decisions would differ based on that. I think it is great that everyone can tailor their college experience to suit their own level of comfort.

﻿I don't think that college students need to have a part-time job because our main responsibility is to study and get good grades. Please understand that many of us are already so busy with that demands of a modern college education that we simply do not have time to waste on part-time work especially if it is not related to our major or our future career. But the point of going to college is that so you can get a good career, and anything you do which would detract from that goal would be simply stupid. That being said, most of my friends who've already found a part-time job, and many of them think it is a good idea. Many of them tell me that they have made a lot of new friends through their part-time job, and I can say that I think that that is a bad thing. However, I wonder how having a part-time job has affected the studying habits of these friends. I hope that they are not finding themselves so busy with their part-time job that they no longer can have enough time to do their homework well and have some time to relax to.

﻿I have to say that in my opinion it depends completely upon the student in question. Some students are very busy and have very hard majors such as engineering, psychology, biology, and more. Some students have major is that all acquire such intensive work such as business, political science, philosophy, and art. Therefore, a student should determine for his self or for herself if a part-time job is an appropriate investment of their time. For some students, a part-time job may put too much stress on their already busy schedules, but for other students, a part-time job may help them fight boredom and also make some money at the same time. For me, a part-time job is an important part of my weekly schedule because I do volunteer work. Although I did not make any money, my part-time job counts as credit towards my courses, so I can get a taste of the real business world and get some experience and be doing schoolwork all at the same time. I think I was very lucky to find this part-time job, and if all other college students can find such a position that fits their situations very well, I think they should have a part-time job too.

﻿I don't know anything about Japan, but I do think it is a good thing for restaurants to prohibit smoking in their interiors. This is due to the simple fact that smoking is terribly unhealthy and by smoking in a small area or inside a restaurant you are effectively making everyone around you smoke as well. Everyone already knows that smoking gives you cancer and everyone also knows that secondhand smoke is much more dangerous than first hand smoke. The toxins contained in second hand smoke are especially dangerous for young children and so at the very least family restaurants should ban smoking. I think it is okay for bars and clubs to allow smoking indoors even though it does make the place known very dirty and it makes the air very heavy and hard to breathe. However, these kinds of places are for adults, and adults should be able to do what they want to do. Adults are also much more resilient to the effects of secondhand smoke and so they can afford to spend more time around it. Also, smoking is a great way to socialize and meet new friends and although I do not smoke myself, most of my friends too often bring this up as a primary reason for doing so.

﻿It is very important for college students to have part-time jobs. Part-time jobs provide much needed income for needy students and families who face financial difficulties. Incomes from such jobs help students not only buy food and basic necessities, they also help students purchase books and educational materials they would otherwise not be able to afford. Part-time jobs also help students appreciate the value of money; students come to realize that earning money demands hard work, dedication and discipline. This will change their attitude towards spending, and especially towards unreasonable spending. Additionally, part- time jobs assist students to recognize the inherent social hierarchies in the work force. These structures that exist in the work force are very different from what students experience at school. Early appreciation of the levels and hierarchies will help students understand the work environment much better when they start formal full-time jobs, and thereby adjust to the expectations faster and easier. Finally, part-time jobs demand involvement in society; they provide effective preparation for transition from the academic world to the real world. There is no doubt that part-time jobs provide students with invaluable experiences. Both private and public companies should do their utmost to offer part-time jobs to students.

﻿Having a part-time job in college is absolutely an excellent idea for the majority of college students. Some students have very difficult majors which will require them to be more committed with their time in their focus but many others including myself can easily arrange our time to balance both the requirements of a part-time job and the requirements of attending school. For example, I work as a cashier at the campus convenience store, and the best part of this job is that when there are no customers we can study as much as we want to. In addition, I have made many new friends by working here at the convenience store. Many people say that students already have a job: their job is to go to school and get good grades. But I also think that there are some things that simply cannot be learned purely by studying in a classroom environment. For example, no matter how much studying you do you can never learn how hard it is to make money and once you have job you can learn this. What's more, having a part-time job looks great on your resume and can help you to find another part time job if you should need to do so.

﻿Although some people think that having a part-time job in college is very important, I personally think that a student should focus more of their time on studying. I don't really know how anyone finds time to do anything else other than study, try to get some sleep, and hang out with their friends. Most of us are lucky enough to have scholarships or have our parents help us by paying for school, so in order to return the favor we should do our very best to do well in school. There will be plenty of time after graduating to learn about working and to actually work, so I think we should spend these last few years over time as "children" having fun and only being serious when it comes to school. The only reason anyone would really have a part-time job is to make money so they can go out at night and party with their friends. However, most of us had jobs in high school, and we should have saved up enough money to entertain ourselves through college. If I ever did run out of money, I guess I would get a part-time job, but I don't think that it is that important for college students to have one.

﻿I don't know much about restaurants in Japan, but I know that personally I think that smoking should definitely be banned at restaurants in the US. From this perspective, I will make my argument assuming that many people in Japan feel the same way as I do on both sides of this issue. It will be in more important in the coming years to ban smoking in order to eventually cull it out of our cultures. Smoking is kind of an old fashioned thing and it doesn't really have a place in the modern world. I think this because back in the day when smoking was not well understood, many people thought it made you more of a man or sexier to smoke a cigarette, so there was an incentive to smoke a cigarette. However, nowadays, we all know that smoking is very bad for you, and so now there's an incentive to quit smoking if you are a smoker or to not begin smoking in the first place. Banning smoking at restaurants would allow both of these two goals to be achieved, and the sooner smoking is banned in the restaurants, the sooner we can see the end of smoking as a whole.

﻿I agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan and I have many reasons for this opinion. First, I think that smoking is very dirty and is very bad for all the people who do it. It would be a nice gift to smokers to give them a good motivation an opportunity to quit smoking, as people who smoke often have a very difficult time quitting on their own due to the addictive effects of nicotine and other chemicals contained within cigarettes. Next, it is not fair to nonsmokers to have to eat in a restaurant that is filled with cigarette smoke because they have to breathe that in and it is worse for their health than it is for the smokers. Secondhand smoke really can kill people, and I did have one friend who grew up in a household in which his parents smoked very heavily, and he had health problems for a long time. Once he moved out of that house, he became much more healthy and vibrant. Smoking is bad for you no matter where you are in the world, so I think that Japan should ban smoking at the restaurants in the same way that the U. S. is beginning to ban smoking at the restaurants here too.

﻿Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country, is a strong but true statement. This statement shows that the government is taking an active role in the health and welfare of the community. Restaurants where smoking is allowed create a toxic environment for their customers, as well as staff members who inhale the fumes all day. It is commonly known that cigarettes cause cancer and it is well known that the damage to the lungs of secondhand smokers is often severe, if not fatal. This law will encourage smokers to smoke outside in open areas or reduce their smoking. The average time spent in a restaurant is one hour. This is a reasonable amount of time for a smoker to smoke beforehand and refrain from smoking while in the restaurant. However If they choose to leave earlier, there will be more seats available to other customers, thus increasing the chances of profit for the restaurant owner. Smoking restrictions are one way for the government to protect itself from future lawsuits due to secondhand smoke. However, the best way to reduce the number of deaths due to smoking is a serious campaign to educate people on the direct impact cigarette smoke has on their lives and the lives of their families. This is especially true for families with children.

﻿I agree with this statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I don't think that they should allow smokers to smoke in their restaurants because it is very bad not only for the smokers but for all the other people in the restaurant as well as including the other customers as well as the restaurant workers. If they continue to allow smoking to take place in the restaurants, it will be hard to ban it later, and they will also have some problems in the meantime while it is still legal. Smokers who want to enjoy a cigarette with their meal should accept that they should have to do so in the confines of their own home where they will not harm anyone else. Next, smokers can do themselves a favor by quitting because not only will their health improve, they will save a lot of some money that they would have otherwise spend on cigarettes. Even the Japan is very different from the United States, I think that these same rules would apply equally well, in the Japanese restaurants would be equally benefited by banning smoking in the restaurants as many U. S. states have already done.

﻿I definitely agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I have been studying Japanese for a number of years, and last summer I was lucky enough to be able to live in Tokyo for several months. I love everything about that city, but the one thing that really bothered me was how smoky the restaurants and bars were. I also love to play pool, and the pool halls are ridiculously smoky. It makes it very hard to concentrate and have fun when your eyes are burning and you are coughing. All this is to say nothing of the horrible effects on people's health of that come from smoking. Smoking causes tar to build up in your lungs and affects the ability of your blood to absorb oxygen from the air you breathe. Furthermore, it has been conclusively shown that smoking causes cancer. In the past, the harmful effects of smoking were not well known or not well publicized, but now I feel that almost everyone is quite aware of the horrible things that smoking can do to your body. I don't understand why anyone would want to harm themselves on purpose, and I think that banning smoking in public places like restaurants is a great step in discouraging people from hurting themselves.

﻿I don't think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I also don't think that smoking should be banned all the restaurants in the U. S., but it is becoming increasingly common to see United States restaurants ban smoking. This is not fair to the smokers who would like to enjoy themselves just as much as the nonsmokers. The best way to solve this problem is simply to have a smoking section and a nonsmoking section in every restaurant. This is very easy to accomplish and should not cost the restaurants too much money to put into place. If they can do this, both smokers and non-smokers can have a good time at any restaurants and not have to worry about the other people. Smokers are inconvenienced just as much by not being able to smoke in restaurants as nonsmokers feel they are when smokers smoke in restaurants. Just like everything, there is a balance to be found, and it will not be acceptable to simply go with the opinion of one group for the other. In today's world, it is necessary to take in the opinions of everybody and find solutions that adequately address everyone's concerns.

﻿I think it would be a good idea to ban smoking at all the restaurants in Japan because smoking is very dangerous for the health of people. Cigarettes contain many harmful chemicals like tar, rat poison, and nicotine, which is very addictive and makes people want to smoke even more. Nicotine is a drug just like heroin or cocaine and has all of the same characteristics of withdrawal and dependents as the more serious drugs. When you smoke cigarettes, the nicotine makes it very difficult for you to quit even if you want to, and as a result many people find themselves smoking for years and years even though they always want to quit. This may induce a sense of guilt and shame in them, and the additional stress caused by the situation combined with the harmful effects of smoking can have a truly serious affect upon their health. Next, it is very disrespectful to other people in public places like restaurants to smoke because a lot of them do not want to smoke. When people smoke cigarettes in restaurants, other people have to deal with the bad smell and the negative impact upon the taste of the food. In conclusion, banning smoking at all the restaurants in Japan would be a very good idea.

﻿It's not important at all in my view. Students have far too much to worry about just trying to pass their exams let alone also trying to hold down a job while they study. Some folks may disagree I know, but the fact still remains that in today's society, students are being taught to perform at high levels from primary school to university and/or college and quite frankly, it is a big ask. This is particularly true when students are studying for more comprehensive careers such as in medicine etc where study loads are quite heavy and competition is high. Being a student myself, I can't imagine trying to get within the top ten percent of my course and hold down a job as well, even if it is only for a few hours a week. It takes me all my time just to complete my study schedule on any given day without having to trundle off to a job at the local fast food shop. I know that several of my fellow students are in the same boat and feel the same way that I do. We have a tremendous amount of reading to do, just to try to keep up with our workload. For me to pass with high scores, I know that I couldn't possibly take on a job and still perform at a high level. On that basis, I don't believe that it is important for students to have a part-time job because I believe, for me anyway, that it is more important to focus on studies and let the jobs come later.

﻿Smoking should be banned at restaurants. I work at a restaurant, and as fate would have it smoking was banned only one year ago while I was still working there. Since this change occurred, our restaurant has become much cleaner. We have a piano in our restaurant, and since smoking has been banned, the piano does not need to be tuned as frequently, which is actually quite terrifying because if the air was so dirty that it would cause a piano to go out of tune, I really hope that my own body has not gone out of tune. Also, my bosses told me that since smoking was banned business has actually increased. I'm not sure I fully understand the reasons for this, but he told me that more families are visiting because our restaurants as a good image in the town now. When families go to restaurants, they usually spend around $50 or $60 for a family of four. On the other hand, when smokers go to a restaurant they usually only go by themselves or with one friend, in that is only about $30. The math certainly makes sense, and it shows that even if only the same number of families comes as smokers, we can almost double our profits.

﻿I totally agree with this statement. Before the dangers of smoking were realized, it used to be fashionable and it was glamorized by famous people and actors in Hollywood in the 1960's and even earlier. Lung cancer and other diseases caused by passive smoking are finally being directly related to smoking and secondary smoke or passive smoking. Restaurants are now family venues where children play and as a parent we should not have to worry which restaurant to go to or which one to avoid because if the possibility of smoking in the restaurant. I am a non-smoker so I don't want to breathe in someone else's poison just because they want to light up a cigarette inside. The hospitals in the UK are now treating many cases of cancer of smoking related diseases and it is the tax payer who has to pay for this. Why should my taxes help to pay for people who want to smoke? Not only is it an unpleasant hobby but it is also a deadly one. I do not want to be a part of those cancer statistics just because people are addicted to a filthy habit. I see smoking as a waste of time and very anti-social. Governments should take responsibility for this problem and protect the majority of the population who do not smoke.

﻿I strongly agree with the above statement for a number of obvious reasons. By now we all know the facts regarding second hand smoke and the health risk that it causes to others, especially children and babies. Smokers can no longer ignore the fact that by smoking around others, smokers or non-smokers alike, they are endangering everyone's health in that enclosed PUBLIC space. Restaurants and other enclosed public places should be accessible to anyone. By allowing people to smoke there, restaurant owners and smokers themselves are taking the rights of non smokers away. I believe that all people have the right to smoke and have no problem with that. Smokers can still smoke outside (though I do wish they were more careful about where they decided to throw out their cigarette butts!), in their homes, in their cars and in many other public areas. Many restaurants have smoking sections, but they are rarely adequately sectioned off from other areas in the restaurant and the smoke inevitably bothers other patrons. Smokers are becoming a minority with the trend for a healthier public environment on the rise, and it's about time that they realized, or rather that our government made them realize, that they can no longer put other people's health at risk for their own selfish pleasure.

﻿I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Assuming that the student is diligent and studying for a career job, having to worry about finances would be added stress. If their parents are willing to invest the money to help pay the student's living expenses, hopefully the student will respond by studying hard to make his/her parents proud. It can be plainly seen that students that work part time will have less time to study as well and their focus will always be divided between the classroom and the part time job. Troubles at the part time job may cause the student to miss class or perhaps even lose complete sight of the goals that were once established when applying for college. My brother dropped out of Northeastern University in Massachusetts after double majoring in physics and history only to continue working at Disney world following a summer break's working holiday. Money is often wasted and it can take more time to graduate since taking a full load of classes and working part time can be often difficult. Also the chances for the student doing part time jobs to use their money to enjoy college life more such as partying and drinking can lead to other more serious problems. A budgeted amount of money from the student's parents could stem much of the partying funds.

﻿I do not think that is fair to ban smoking in restaurants because there are just as many people who would like to smoke as people who do not want to smoke. Of course everyone does know that smoking is bad for your health, but many people weigh the risks and choose to smoke any waves. We are adults and have the right to make decisions for ourselves, and no one should be allowed to par rules on what we can and can't do when it comes to our own bodies. Like many other smokers, I do not want to smoke forever, but for now, I think it is fine and I don't see any reason that I should be prevented from smoking in restaurants after I have a bite to eat. It is very satisfying to have a smoke after a meal, just as a satisfying to have some dessert or a cup of coffee after a meal. One last reason is that smoking is a great way to meet new people. I have met countless people who have asked me for a light or have asked me to bum a smoke, and you can meet some very interesting people if you have cigarettes with you.

﻿Part-time jobs are great. You can learn a lot by having a part-time job. I think most college students should have a part-time job. I currently don't have a part-time job, but I want to find one soon. The next semester of school will be starting soon, and I have an easy schedule this semester, so I think that I will have a lot of extra time. I don't want to get bored. So, I am looking for a part-time job. I think that just like me, there are a lot of other students who would want to have a part-time job because it will help them to pass the time if they have an easy schedule. My parents have warned me to make sure that I maintain my grades, but I do not think that this will be a problem. I usually am pretty good at devoting my time, and so I will probably be OK. I am also looking forward to making a little bit of money so that I will have some disposable income. Also, one of my friends is trying to get a job at the same place as me, so it will be very fun and if we can work there together. All in all, part-time jobs can be very fun and can be very good for many college students.

﻿Smoking must be allowed in restaurants. Smokers have the same basic rights as non-smokers; to deny smokers the right to smoke is to deny their basic human right. In addition, by denying smokers their right to smoke, we are denying them their basic needs; nicotine is addictive, and smokers need to smoke to satisfy a physical craving. So far, I don't think there has been any effort denying fat people entry to McDonald's restaurants, why treat the smokers this way? Society cannot dictate what is good or bad, and it cannot enforce those standards and rules on individuals. Rather, society must facilitate and accommodate the needs of all groups; smokers and non-smokers. Restaurants already provide two completely separated and insulated areas, one for smokers and one for non-smokers. Failing to recognize the needs and the rights of the two camps can be very costly for restaurants, in particular; they lose clientele from both groups. If anything, it is those who are supporting such drastic restrictions on personal freedoms who need help: societies thrive when variety and tolerance are present, they wither and fall apart without these. Clearly, restaurants are places where customers want to enjoy their time; let us make them available to both smokers and non-smokers alike. Let both smokers and non-smokers enjoy their meals.

﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are many reasons why. I'll give three. Firstly, the experience gained from working to earn money and learning to manage the money one has made is a lesson that will last a lifetime. Even if their parents are helping with the tuition and they are only working to make their own spending money, they will learn to use their money more wisely since they had to spend time and effort to receive the money they are using. Students that are taken care of by their parents too much may lead to unmotivated workers that quit easily. There is no sadder story than that of a student that has finished 16 years of education without ever working a day in their life, only to run back home to their parents and live at home after college because of difficulties on their first job. Secondly, working part time may lead a student to finding skills they are good at but had never used before. A part time job may lead to a change in their major or it may change the student's idea of what they want to do for the rest of their life. A part time job can challenge a student to do something that they would not have tried just taking classes on campus. Finally, the people skills developed will help in any job, especially dealing with a boss and coworkers. Those people skills may also be good references or contacts for future work.

﻿Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Second-hand smoke is a known carcinogen and detrimental to the health of all who inhale it. To allow smoking in restaurants, or in any public space for that matter, is to wilfully allow harm to come to all those within that space - smokers and non-smokers alike. Citizens must have the right to a safe environment in which to enjoy a meal or to work or to live. Smoking in restaurants cannot stand if Japan is to respect the rights of its citizens. This does not mean that Japan is to ban smoking wholesale; it remains a right in liberal societies for individuals to choose to expose themselves to risk within limits. However, this individual right to expose oneself to risk cannot supersede the collective right to safety of all citizens within a given public space. The freedom of individuals or groups of individuals to smoke within a non-public space, say on privately owned property, is not affected or contested. Although some workarounds have been proposed, one cannot assume that only smokers will be present within a given public space. Even if Japan were to mandate the use of separately ventilated smoking-rooms in order to segregate smokers and non-smokers, this would only potentially protect patrons of the restaurant. Staff who service the smoking-rooms would still be harmed by exposure to the smoke. To hire only smokers to service the rooms would be tantamount to promoting discriminatory hiring policies. Asking for employee consent to work in a smoking-room would be equally unacceptable as it leads to a choice between livelihood or health. A complete ban on smoking at all restaurants is the only way to avoid these pitfalls.

﻿What many people do not understand about college or cannot recall from their own college experience is that having a part-time job puts a lot of strained on the students who have to find a way to complete all of their schoolwork while at of the same time finding a way to have enough time to do some part-time work so they can earn some money for whatever purposes. College is and always has been a learning institution, and the fact that some students feel compelled to do anything other than learn there is somewhat tragic because this degrades the prestige of a college degree as well as taking away some of the knowledge that the students might have gained if they had spent more time or had more time to study. On the other hand, there are some select individuals who seem to be able to cope very well with the stress of both school and work, and I think these individuals are responsible and mature enough to do as they feel is right. Choosing to work in college really is a personal choice, but I don't feel that college student should be given so much pressure to start their lives in the workforce when they are still just kids.

﻿The most important thing is not to ban smoking in restaurants in Japan. The most important thing is to ban smoking at all public places. If they do not do this, everyone's health will be endangered. I had to watch several of my older relatives die as a result of lung cancer, and it was very sad. I really hope that no one else has to see something like that. The only way to insure that is to do more than simply banning smoking in restaurants. The only way to do that is to ban smoking period. It will take a lot of work to do that because a lot of people like to smoke a whole lot. They have a very hard time quitting, and so it will be difficult to ban smoking. But with any luck, we can do so in the next hundred years at the most. If we can do this in the U. S., it will set a great example for other countries. At that time, if smoking is still allowed in Japanese restaurants, they will probably decide to ban it there too. That's because a lot of countries like to follow the U. S. when it comes to stuff like this.

﻿I think smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in Japan. The reasons are quite simple. First and most important smoking is dangerous to health, secondly, second-had smoke is unfair to non-smokers and finally, smoking, particularly in restaurants is bad for the taste of food. To talk about the biggest reason, is almost obvious, smoking is well known to cause a variety of dangerous ailments. Smoking is a habit that has caused millions of deaths over the years, and unlike other vices; even in moderation had no health benefits. Smoking is of course a choice which leads me to my second argument. Yes, smoking is legal and people do want to smoke but it shouldn't be forced on non-smokers. Heavy smoking populated countries like Ireland, Spain and many states in the US have banned smoking in not only restaurants but all buildings. This means non-smokers, get a relief. Second-hand smoke is unhealthy and non-smokers shouldn't be subjected to the ill effects of smoker's bad habits. Also children entering a family friendly restaurant have no choice where their parents take them. Inhaling smoke in young lungs should never be an option. Finally smoking is bad for food. The taste of food is directly linked to taste and smell. If the environment is filled with smoke, food doesn't taste good. This is not the strongest of arguments for banning smoking in restaurants but ultimately why do people go out to eat? To sample foods to eat in a environment that is safe, and enjoyable. Japan should ban smoking in all restaurants and soon!

﻿Smoking should definitely be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Many of the United States have banned smoking some years ago, and I think that there are probably a few other countries in the world that have already done so as well. This seems like an obvious thing to do because it is simply not acceptable to allow smokers in restaurants to harm other people. When it comes down to it, at the end of the day that's really all that smoking is. It is just hurting yourself, and it is just hurting other people. There are many other ways to gain whatever benefits smokers feel they have such as relaxation or exercise which can induce a similar pleasant state of mind. Also, smoking is detrimental to all the things in the restaurants. The actual building itself can be harmed by the cigarette smoke; for example, the white walls will begin to turn yellow after some time. The fact that this happens to me is quite revolting, and I would assume that other people probably feel the same way, so it would make sense to ban smoking at restaurants because it will make them cleaner and longer lived. This will save money in construction costs and many other ways, so actually, banning smoking at restaurants would be a profitable move.

﻿20 years ago, smoking was cool and in style, but as time passes it becomes not as common as people come to understand the harmful effects and other issues. Nowadays, many people think it is much cooler to not smoke, as they will have a very difficult time to find a significant other if they are a smoker. If you are a non-smoker, you can date almost anybody you want to, but if you are a smoker, you can pretty much only date other smokers. This is because nobody likes the taste of an ashy mouth, and even just thinking about that gives me the shivers. Also, smoking is a rather expensive habit, and many smokers waste quite a lot of money on cigarettes or chew. I think the reason that people keep smoking is because of the nicotine, because it is a drug that gives them a high. The ironic thing is that you can achieve a similar high by doing healthy activities like working out which release good chemicals in your brain and body. Perhaps if the Japanese people knew about this they would have a much easier time finding a solution to the smoking problem in restaurants. Please tell them.

﻿I realize that smoking is an unhealthy habit. I smoked for two years and quit smoking about six years ago. My body and mind became much healthier in all ways. Some of the best times to enjoy a cigarette were after a nice dinner at a restaurant and enjoying a cup of coffee. For many people smoking is a pleasure of life. I still go to my favorite restaurants but no longer crave cigarettes after a meal and I really don't like the smell of them but to ban cigarettes in all restaurants would be extreme. Some city governments in the USA have banned smoking in their cities and I'm strongly against this. I believe it should be left up to the restaurant owner to make this decision if the owner wants to have a non smoking area or not. People should have the right to choose, no one is forcing them to go to a smoking restaurant. Banning smoking on airplanes was a good idea because the second hand smoke could linger and it is a necessity for people to travel. You don't have to go to a restaurant. Often, modern ventilation systems are very good. Recently I sat in the smoking area with a smoker and I didn't notice the smoke because of the ventilation system. Giving governments more control and owners less control is the main concern I have. I believe the government should make sure restaurants serve clean food so we don't get sick, yet this is something the consumer should be able to judge. If you see an unclean restaurant do you really want to eat there even though the government says it is alright? Some things are better left up to the consumers to decide on.

﻿I do think that for many college students, part-time work is a valuable investment of their time, but I also know from personal experience that this can place many stresses that are really necessary upon you. For example, when I was a freshman in college, before I began my master's program, I found a first time job at a local restaurant. At first, it was great to make money, and is great to have something to do. But as time went on, I became busier and busier with school, and I was not able to devote to it the attention which I feel it deserved. Consequently, my grades suffered for one or two semesters, and it has been very difficult to get my GPA back up to where it is now. At the end of the day, a student's most important directive is to go to school. Hopefully, other students have a better experience with part-time work, and they found something which they could incorporate well into their class schedules and could also have fun doing. I think that I may need to find part-time work again soon, because my funds are running low, and I hope that this time I will have a better experience thus time too.

﻿I wish that I had enough time to have a part-time job, but I am way too busy with my schoolwork to even think about getting started in something that would only drain my time and detract from the intense focus which is required for my studies. I am an MCDB major, so I think I have a lot more homework than other kids on campus. A lot of my friends have part-time jobs and they seem to enjoy them quite a lot, and it really makes me feel bad that I have so much work that I cannot even have just a few hours per week to make a little bit of money and have a little bit of fun. Hopefully, after I graduate from college, I can find a very good job, but I am also worried that with no work experience I really might have my work cut out for me, no pun intended. The economy is pretty bad right now everywhere in the world, so it may be difficult for the current generation of college graduates to find employment after their graduations. Therefore, I think that college student should have a part-time job in order to help them gain experience which will help them later.

﻿I think it is a great idea for college students to have a part-time job. First of all, students should spend the time in college to learn as much they possibly can about as much as they possibly can. This includes both things that they can learn in classes which are related to their majors as well as things that will help them to become better people and also help them for their eventual career after college. Next, many students have the image of being "broke college students" in rather than sit idly by and let the stereotype define them, they can actively pursue a part time position which will make them appear to be more responsible and trustworthy than they would appear if they were simply languishing about. I've had a part-time job at a local pizza shop since I entered college last year and although I sometimes get busy or stressed out with my schoolwork and my part-time job, I still think that I'm doing good things for myself by continuing to work part-time. Lastly, there are also times where I am bored and I don't have a lot of schoolwork to do and it is great to have a part-time job so that I don't kill myself out of boredom.

﻿I agree with the idea that many college students should have a part-time job, but I think it is up to the students to decide for themselves if they will have enough time to fit this into their schedule so that they can still balance their class work and socialize in order to have the best college experience possible. Many students are too busy to have a part-time job, and such a student would be well advised not to place extra stress on themselves by finding a part-time job. On the other hand, a student who has enough time to have a part-time job may enjoy the extra benefits having part-time work can bring such as developing professional contacts and expanding your network of future colleagues. Next, it would be interesting to see if there have been any studies upon how many hours they student can work before they begin to negatively affect their performance in school. I guess that somewhere around 20 hours which is the upper limit for part-time work, students would begin to feel like they have no choice but to not do some of their schoolwork so that they can complete all of their work tasks. As long as they can say under this upper limit, they can probably balance everything they need to balance, and they will be better off for learning how to do that.

﻿I don't think that part-time work is important for college students. I also don't think that work is important for adults. We were put here on this earth to serve and worship the Lord Jesus Christ, and everything that gets in the way of that is just a waste of time. It is only a matter of time until he comes back to save all of us, and the people who have been frittering away their time an ungodly pursuits will not ascend to heaven. This is what I was taught to believe. But since I have come to college, I have learned that some of the things that my family taught me may have been wrong. The more I learn in college the more I have come to realize that whether are not you are a religious person, you do have time you're on the earth, and you have to use that time to do good things. I think that if you do that, then you can go to heaven any ways. It has taken a long time for me to learn about this, and has taken a long time for me to shake the bonds of my religious upbringing. So, now that I have a new perspective, I think that it is good for college students to have a part-time job.

﻿Let me start off by saying that I have never actually been to Japan. I don't know anyone that's been to Japan either, but I do have one Japanese friend. One of the things she has always told me is that smoking is very accepted and sometimes even encouraged in Japan. This came as quite a shock to me, because my parents have always strongly discouraged me from smoking or using any kind of tobacco products. She even told me that her father was the one to go up to her younger brother when he was only 14 and asked him if you would like to smoke. I thought that almost everyone was aware of the fact that smoking can kill you. This is a very serious thing in my family because both of my grandfathers died from lung cancer as a result of smoking. When they were young, smoking was much more common in America than it is now, and not every one really knew about the fact that smoking was really bad. In fact, some people thought it was good for you. So, people from past generations cannot be blamed for smoking, but I do think that people from this generation should take advantage of all the research that has been done and keep themselves healthy.

﻿When I first came to college, we learned in orientation that only 15% of the student populace on our campus admitted that they were smokers. On the other hand, almost 90% of the student populace on our campus said that they thought that smoking was disgusting, and that they would never date a partner who smoked. I thought this was funny because it means that if you want to have a boyfriend or girlfriend on our campus, it basically means that all you have to do is not smoke. I don't know what the percentages are in Japan, but I do know that smoking is disgusting no matter where you are in the world, and it makes your clothes smell very bad. Also, it is very bad for your health and smoking can decrease the number of years you have to live. I want to live as long as possible so I take the health and fitness and eating healthy foods very seriously, and it is really a slap in the face when you go to a party and someone is blowing smoke in your face. The same thing is true at restaurants, and if Japanese people feel the same as I do, they should ban smoking in their restaurants.

﻿Tobacco is the most insidious product ever invented. When Walter Raleigh first introduced this aromatic leaf to customers in the Olde Worlde, did he imagine the hacking horrors soon to be manifested among its gin-soaked populace? I think not. And yet there remain those among us convinced that their personal right to commit attenuated suicide includes the corresponding right to harness their innocent neighbours to iron lungs and other breathing apparatus at some distant future. Restaurants are places that promote comfortable dining among friends and family. Visiting them is a long-established social custom. But countless medical studies have shown the dangers associated with inhaling expelled tobacco smoke in close quarters. And so this question must be asked: What of the children? It's bad enough that Granny's emphysema attacks worsen with every Sunday brunch, as clouds of noxious fumes from nearby tables create a deadly nimbus of toxic pollution above those hennaed waves of hair. What of the infant, his life irremediably shortened with each contaminated breath he takes. There are over four hundred discrete chemical agents to be found in the exhaust of a burning cigarette, each of which is capable of rendering a healthy male comatose, sufficiently dosed. Taken together, they represent an assault on the human physique worse than anything seen in the trenches of Verdun during World War I. This is more than a health issue. This is a human rights issue! Ban smoking in restaurants everywhere, around the world.

﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have had a part-time job ever since I was in high school, and this has made me a much more mature and contributing member of society that some of my friends. In the modern world, it is very hard to grow up and there are no real marks of whether or not you are a full adult, but having a part-time job in college is one of the ways which you can demonstrate your responsibility and also make some cash which you can use as you want. For myself and many other girls, we like to shop a lot, and so it is good to have a continuous flow of income so that we're not cutting into our savings or we want to go have a little shopping spree with the girlfriends. This is not to say that boys do not do the same thing, but they might be a little bit better at controlling their bank accounts and so they do not have to worry about it as much. Also, we have to buy a lot of makeup and other things too maintain our appearances, and a lot of this stuff is not cheap. Many people might think these are some stupid reasons to have a part-time job, but to me they're perfectly good, and so I will use them to state unequivocally that most college students can have a part-time job.

﻿I sort of agree. But maybe it would be better just to have different restaurants for smokers and non-smokers. At least they get to choose for themselves without having to be mothered. I don't know about Japan, but in Australia the government is always telling us what to do and we think that it would be nice if they asked us what we wanted sometimes. From what I've seen in Japan so far and the restaurants that I have been to, there seems to be a lot of smokers here so maybe it wouldn't be such a good idea to ban smoking because the restaurants and in the end, the government would lose money with profits and taxes etc. I admit though, that at a couple of restaurants that I went to, it was really smelly and the place stank pretty bad but it was a bit small so maybe they need better fans or something. Being from Australia and as I said before, we usually think that it is a good idea to ask us (the people) first before the government goes off and does their own thing. Maybe the Japanese people might feel the same way? I don't know but I think that it would be a good idea to ask them.

﻿It is very important for college students to have a part-time job so that they can gain some knowledge about the real world and gain some experience in business before they graduate. I am a study abroad student from Australia, and in my home country it is fairly uncommon for kids to have part-time jobs while they attend school. This is because the government shoulders part of the costs of our tuition, so most of us don't need to work to have enough money to go to school and live. But here in the U. S., most of my friends seem to have a part-time job, and I think this is because the government does not provide enough support for the students who need it. No matter what the case may be, I don't think it is right that students should have to do anything and simply go to school and study. However, I don't think this is going to change anytime soon, and if anything, I think that more students will be finding part-time work in the coming years. I love my new university I love studying abroad, but this is one aspect of American culture that I do not quite feel comfortable with.

﻿For the majority of college students, a part-time job is an important part of the college experience. This is because they can meet a variety of new people with a variety of new opinions and ideas. Having a part-time job allows you to meet people you might never have met if you do not have one. For example, I work in the call center at the university, and a lot of the people I've met there are not from the United States. It is extremely interesting to talk to people who are not from the same country as you because they have a very different culture and a very different way of thinking. If I never had a part-time job like this, I would never have made these friends and I would not have had the opportunity to learn about all these different ways of thinking. The only problem is that sometimes I feel very stressed with school and work and I feel like I don't have enough time to do everything I need to do. However, it is very nice to make a little bit of extra money for going out on the weekends and having a good time with your friends.

﻿I think that college students who work while they attend school have a very good idea. I recently read a study in which it was shown that students who work approximately 10 hours per week actually have increased academic performance over their counterparts who don't work. At this level of work, the only thing that the student is replacing his own schedule is usually time that he or she has wastes by doing things such as watching television or goofing around. Thus, as long as students can find a balance like this that works for them, there are no negative effects of having a part-time job. However, some students have to work fulltime all they attend college, and all of these people report that having a fulltime job while trying to attend classes is simply too much to deal with. Some of these people have no choice as they will have no other way to pay for their college tuition, and many of them drop out because they find that work is more important than school. But the money they might turn at the fulltime job over a few years pales in comparison if the money they can earn if they have a real career. Therefore, students should stick to part-time work during college.

﻿In my first response, I made the mistake of letting my personal opinion on the matter over ride what really matters which is the opinion of the majority. I believe that the majority of people think that smoking should be banned in restaurants, and if this is true in Japan, then smoking should be banned in restaurants there too. Many people probably believe that smoking should be banned at restaurants due to the numerous health concerns that accompany smoking in any location. Smoking is directly related to cancer, and the number of deaths each year as a result of tobacco use is nothing less than staggering. Furthermore, it is a matter of simple respect to behave yourself in a restaurant and not do things that will cause a problem for the other customers. This goes not only for smoking but for talking too loudly, being rude to the restaurants staff, etc. For the record, I would like to state that I do not personally believe it is appropriate to ban smoking at restaurants anywhere. This is because smokers have just as much a right to be there as anyone else, but I do think there's a problem with smokers that smoke in restaurants that are more oriented towards families. In conclusion, the people as a majority will decide whether or not the restaurants should ban smoking in Japan.

﻿Where is this question coming from? Why should it be up to me whether or not the Japanese people would like to smoke in their restaurants? I do know that the same issue came up when I was a teenager about 10 years ago, and they decided to pass legislation to ban smoking in restaurants and make it so that you can only smoke 20 feet from the entrance. I have to admit that at the time I was a smoker and I was very disgruntled by the fact that they passed this legislation, but I also have to admit that has been pretty easy to get used to this and other smokers I have talked to you have felt the same way. It was kind of a shock to me to hear about how about secondhand smoke is for other people, so once I know about that, I wanted to make sure that I was as conscientious as possible in my smoking habits so that I was not creating a problem for anyone other than myself. One of these days if I'm lucky enough to be strong enough, I will be able to quit smoking, and I feel like that should be the ultimate goal for any individual or for any governmental group.

﻿It is very important for college students to have a part-time job. By having a part-time job, college students can learn to be more responsible. Also, by having a part-time job, college students can explore their interests and work on things that interest them. Part-time work can help students to find out what they might want to do later in life and where they might want to work at a full time position. As long as the students are not working too much every week, they can enjoy all of these benefits without the bad things that would happen if they worked too much. It is very important to maintain balance in your life, and too much work and school will only stress you out and detract from your overall health. Finally, many of us college students want to enjoy some of the pleasures that having a disposable income may bring such as going out to eat with friends or going out at night on the weekends. Also, many of us want to save up some money for future things like vacations or moving out of our current apartments to a better apartment. Money cannot buy happiness, but it can give your freedom, and freedom often brings with it happiness.

﻿I think it is important for college students to work while they are in school. The reasons are 1) young people will get a sense of the real world, 2) employers look for extra-curricular activities before hiring and 3) students do better in school when they are busy. First, on the issue of the real world; students are in a bubble when going to school. They have no expectations, no one is managing their time or assignments and when and if they get a job after leaving college, they will have a head start in creating a career without some of the failures of people that have never worked. A students that has realistic expectations, will have a much easier time adjusting to his future life of work / life balance, which is essential for companies to have employees that wont burn out early in their career. Secondly, if students work while in college, many employers especially in Japan realize that the best way to gauge a student's effectiveness is by assessing their ability to multi-task. Many employers know, grade point averages are not on the concern of most students, so employers have devised a kind of formula based on seeing a student outside of his school environment. The employer feels that if a student is focused on only school, and excels, they may be a poor candidate for employment. A well rounded student is much preferred over someone that can complete an assignment. A student must be able to work with others and a job in college is the perfect test. Finally, students and people in general do better when their time is limited. Idle minds can lead to unproductive students. If someone can work and pass their classes, the student deserves a job in real life.

﻿Almost all of my friends in college have part time jobs and so I think it is very important to have one too. By having a part-time job, I have the freedom of disposable income, and that allows me to go shopping or go out to eat with my friends whenever I want to. Although my parents pay for college, I do not think they should have to pay for all my day to day expenses and so I'm trying to do them a favor by supporting myself a little bit. Also, I really don't like the rich kids whose parents do everything for them and I think it is important for us to learn how to live and be responsible adults so that we can go out into the world one day and know how to take care of ourselves. There are plenty of ways to find a part-time job that doesn't get too much in the way of studying or hanging out with friends and you can also make many new friends if you have a part-time job. Finally, in some cases a part-time job can get you experience that you can use after you graduate. For these reasons I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job.

﻿I absolutely hate smoking and I find it very difficult to hang out with smokers. I think that it is quite rude of them to smoke in places where nonsmokers are present, especially restaurants. How are you supposed to enjoy a nice meal when your eyes are watering and your throat is burning from the secondhand smoke? How are you supposed to respect the group of people who don't value their own health highly enough as to make smart choices which can affect the longevity of their existence. If you think about these questions, you will realize that smokers who choose to smoke have forfeited their right to have a valid opinion on the subject. I do agree that they should be able to do whatever they want to do, but I don't think it is fair to nonsmokers to allow them to harm their health. Finally, it is very rude to the restaurant's staff to smoke in the restaurant because the staff has to be around it for hours at a time on every shift. Just from the standpoint of basic human kindness, I think that smoking is a bad thing. I don't know anything about to restaurants in Japan, but I hope that they are not allowing people to smoke.

﻿I am a student completing a full-time degree and working a part-time job out of necessity because my parents do not have enough money to pay for all of my tuition and I wasn't fortunate enough to receive a scholarship although, I applied for several. Since starting work, I can honestly say that I am more confident, I manage my time a lot better than any of my classmates and I seem to have gained a certain level of respect from people that I wasn't aware of before. It is difficult at times, especially during exams, but I have been pretty lucky because I have a very understanding boss who goes out of his way to help me in any way that he can. I know my money situation has improved, no surprises there but I also don't stress out as much as some of my mates do when the pressure is on. I think that the way I think about and approach tasks has improved a lot and I make use of a few mini systems that my boss helped me create which allow me to break my tasks down into smaller chunks. I can only say that it has helped me and I feel a lot better within myself. So, I really do think that all students should get a part-time job if not for the money, then just for the extra skills that they can get while being paid to do so.

﻿Part-time work can play an important role in the development of any up and coming person and can play an especially important role in the development of the average college student. If there is one thing I have learned from sociology, it's that children on average are not inherently motivated to do things that are difficult or can induced stress or pain. This is also a basic concept of psychology. Therefore, I think it is necessary to sometimes give younger people a gentle push in beneficial directions. This is to say that even if an 18 or 19 your old new college student is ready or not for work, they may stand to gain by finding part-time work. Ironically, the people who for whom this will be most beneficial are the people that are least ready to work. These people have a lot of growing up to do, and they have a lot to learn about responsibility and the value of a dollar. The other side of students who are already mature enough to want to work on their own may pursue more advanced positions such as internships or other opportunities which will directly benefit their major and future career. Clearly, having a part-time job has a variety of benefits which are different for different people.

﻿I think part-time work is important for college students. I will soon be obtaining my Ph. D., and if it wasn't for part-time work, there is no way that I would have come this far by myself. My parents cannot help me with paying for my tuition to the extent that some other kids' parents can, so I have been forced to provide for myself every step of the way. I feel this has made me into a stronger person. I have learned a lot about what it needs to be a responsible adult, and I have learned a lot about how to manage my time so that I have enough of it to do everything I want to do. Next, there are some kids who are very immature and could use part-time work in order to help them grow up a little bit. This was never the case for me, or at least I don't think so, but many kids these days are more irresponsible than I feel they should be. Lastly, even if there are kids who do not need to pay for their own tuition, part time work can help them make enough money to buy things that they desire.

﻿I don't agree with this statement that college students should have a part-time job because I feel that they have many other priorities that should come ahead of whatever small money they might be able to make by having a part-time job. Students who flounder their time on part-time work will undoubtedly find that their grades are slipping, and this is something that can affect their entire future because once you get some bad grades, it is very difficult to bring your GPA back up. Of course many companies would like for students to have a part-time experience, but a good GPA is also a good way of showing that you are responsible and hardworking. I think that students should be able to have the liberty to take the time after graduating to learn more about being really serious in working, so they should save part-time employment for immediately after graduation or for maybe in the summers when they don't have as much to do. Therefore, it is not important for college students to have a part-time job as any benefits they might gain will be offset by the gains they will make after graduation and enrollment in the industry.

﻿One of the things that many colleges do not stress enough is the importance of part-time work for students. Personally, my college does a great job of doing this and we are encouraged to work part-time, and many companies around the school have affiliations with the school so that they can offer opportunities for students to work part-time. This gives the students a chance to gain valuable work experience while the same time making some spending money and learning about the structure of businesses. It is well known that students who graduate from college with work experience will be more able to find a good position than are students who did not, and depending on the goals of the individual student, he or she will need to judge if part-time work will fit in well for their future goals. If a student is planning on going to a master's program or PHD, he or she might be better off focusing on studying so that they get good grades, but even they will need to eventually have a part-time job in order to learn how to work in the real world. Students who are planning on finding employment after their undergraduate education should find part-time employment sooner because they will need to find a fulltime job sooner as well.

﻿I agree with the above statement for a number of reasons. The most important reason however, is that I believe that anyone who goes to work, even part time, will better learn the value and responsibility of money and how hard people have to work to get it. By working a part time job, students will better understand and appreciate what a good education costs these days. Many students I knew in University didn't pay a dime of their University tuitions and only worked during their summer vacations. I myself had to work full time in the summers and part time through the rest of the school year in order to save enough for my tuition and daily living expenses. Furthermore, that experience of having to balance my studies, work schedule, finances and social life all at the same time, has benefit me every day since. I strongly believe that it allowed to do better in the job I got after graduating as I'd already experienced a lot of the requirements of actually having a job while still a student. Some of my co-workers who had not did not do so well A part time job, a full time job or any job for that matter can only be seen as a positive life experience for any young college student.

﻿Smoking should absolutely be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I have never been to Japan, but I would definitely like to travel there one day, and nothing ruins the experience of a good meal with your friends or family at a restaurant like the smell of cigarette smoke. One of my girlfriends who studied abroad in Japan even went so far as to say that the fact that smoking was so prevalent and accepted in the Japanese culture was one of the worst parts of her time there. I am honestly somewhat surprised that smoking has not already been banned in public places given the enormous amount of research which has conclusively proven that smoking is singularly bad for your health. I just can't understand why people smoke in the first place because all it does is make you smell bad and greatly increase your risks of cancer. But I think that many kids start smoking in high school to be cool or to fit in with their friends and simply cannot stop even if they want to. Smoking is a highly addictive habit, and perhaps if the restaurants ban it, the overall health of the country will improve.

﻿Smoking in restaurants should be allowed for the following reasons: First, smoking is legal in Japan, second smoking and food and drinks go hand-in-hand, and third, smoking should be left to the businesses. This is a free country and the choice of smoking should be left to the employer or establishment. First and quite elementary, until smoking is illegal, we should continue to allow smoking in all restaurants. Smokers pay high taxes on cigarettes and Japan reaps the benefits. Why take away that right. Smoking is not dangerous like drinking a driving. Smoking is a way to relax which leads into my next point. Smoking is a part of the food culture. We eat, drink and smoke. It's a package that smokers find enjoyable. Its social, it part of eating to many people. If a non-smoker doesn't like it, he/she can find a non-smoking restaurant. Let the market decide. There are many vices in the world, but if its legal, it should be allowed. It's hypocritical for a country to allow one to buy a product but not allow one to use it? The free market should in the end dictate how many restaurants allow smoking. The establishment is trying to make a fair living. If smoking is banned, many smokers will choose their home or a bar to eat in and then we will be taking money away from hard working restaurant owner and the workers. In the end, if smoking is legal it should be allowed.

﻿There is merit to the opinion that college students should have part-time jobs. However it is important not to overlook the main purpose of a college education. The main purpose is for them to sharpen their skills for the job market and put as much focus as possible on learning about their chosen field. In many cases of higher education; such as law, medicine and engineering the in-class time is supplemented by internships which are related to coursework. In this case, a large number of hours are required for lab experiments or casework. This makes it virtually impossible to consider any type of part-time job. Those who try to balance a job and a heavy course load, often do it to the detriment of their grades and their physical health. Everyone knows it is difficult to work and study at the same time. This applies to young people as well as adults. If young people must have extracurricular activities, it should be related to their studies or club or community activities. What's more, picking up a few healthy habits, such as devoting enough time to exercising and recreational activities, is something that college life should be all about. This will improve their resumes and give them a well-rounded lifestyle before they are introduced to the tedious working world.

﻿I was very disappointed to see smoking banned recently in my city, and I think that there would be many disgruntled smokers just like myself if restaurants ban smoking in Japan to. The fact is that we have a right to smoke if we want to. I don't think that this gives us the right to smoke in front of other people though, so I think that we may have to find another solution to the issue. Many nonsmokers complain that separating a restaurant into a smoking and a nonsmoking section is not sufficient to prevent the smell of cigarette smoke from wafting throughout the entire restaurant, and perhaps a better solution would be to establish a better barrier between a smoking and nonsmoking areas or alternatively add some kind of a ventilation system which would clean the air and the nonsmoking section more quickly and more efficiently. I think that a large portion of any restaurants clientele base comes from people who are smokers, and people who are smokers tend to be more loyal to restaurants that treat them well. So, if restaurants do not want to lose some of their profits by excluding part of their client base, they should find a solution that allow smokers to enjoy themselves in the restaurants in addition to the nonsmokers.

﻿Part-time jobs are a very important part of the college experience for many students because they need to make some money in order to support their living situation. Only a few select individuals are lucky enough to have parents that can completely from all the costs of a modern college tuition, which are quite high, so many kids are forced to start working at a young age in order to supplement the funding that their parents can provide. I think this is a great lesson in the way the real world works, that is, not everything is all rainbows and sunshine, and not everything will always work out how you want it to work out. The bad part of this is that it will place unnecessary stress on students who are already buried with schoolwork, and as a result of their actual educational experience may be negatively affected. Truthfully, there are both benefits and negative aspects to part-time work in college, but for many students it is simply a fact of life, and many students have learned to deal with it quite well. I have personally held a part-time job since I enrolled in college over five years ago, so this background may make my opinion somewhat biased.

﻿I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job because it allows them to give back in some small way to the college community while at the same time receiving compensation for their services. Too many people these days think only of what they can take a nothing of what they can give. As John F. Kennedy once said, "Ask not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country. " The same idea applies to schools, and student should be active members of the college community in order to be successful community members. Next, a part-time job is a great way for students to take a break from studying. Some students will simply study until their brains hurt, and at that time, if you have a part-time job that is not too mentally taxing, you can go to work and let your brain unwind before you return to your studies. This assumes that the student can find a part-time job that will not take away too much of their time. I think the ideal of numbers of hours a week that a student should work is somewhere around 10 hours. This is not too much of a time commitment and even in the busiest weeks of the semester, the student should be able to find a way to schedule enough time for their school, work, and social activities.

﻿Because smoking is so detrimental to the health of anyone who participates in it, smoking should be banned at restaurants. I have never been to Japan, but I do have one or two study abroad friends who have come to my university, and after I asked them about this question, they said that smoking was very prevalent in Japanese restaurants. I think this is a bad thing, because it gives the message that the Japanese people are OK with the spread of cancer and do not care about the people who have to breathe and the second hand smoke. A country as advanced as Japan should understand this and should not allow the opinions of smokers who just want to have a nicotine fix to affect that image of the country as a whole. Also, smoking can severely affect the quality of life especially in the last years of smokers and can also have a big impact on the actual length of life. I think it is safe to say that anyone who regularly engages in smoking will have a much shorter lifespan than those that do not, and the last field of years of their life will be filled with pain and misery.

﻿It's not. But it never ceases to amaze me how many ordinary people believe that it is and then they regurgitate an awful lot of these boring old wives tales like; character building, responsibility, work experience etc. What a load of bollocks. It is quite simply a case by case scenario really and that's all it is. Those that need a few extra quid for university fees, college fees, books, party cash or living expenses, work part-time jobs and those who are cashed up, don't. That's it in a nutshell really and end of story. If they just want work experience, then they choose to work in a career related company during the holidays. I honestly can't understand what all the kerfuffel is about when they rave on about character building either. I mean, if I want character building, then I'll join the military or a religious sect. I am not going to build much character stacking shelves in the evenings or delivering newspapers at 4AM in the morning when I should be sleeping, studying or both. Where I come from, if I was in a job interview and told the interviewer that I delivered newspapers in the mornings they would probably say, straight off the bat, "Oh I see, no cash hey?" It's not important to have a part-time job at all for college purposes unless you need the cash. Period!

﻿Advising college students to sacrifice what little available time they possess away from their studies in the pursuit of Mammon's glittering bounty is both wrong-headed and short-sighted. Anyone who has ever known a university or college student appreciates the focus and dedication they bring to the acquisition of a diploma. Interrupting this headlong charge for enlightenment is the work of demons, for what does it profit a man to gain extra pocket money only to lose his bursary? (Beware those who extol the virtues of labour! Their day of reckoning shall come, and that right soon!) The modern student should spend every waking hour digesting the great dollops of nourishing scholarship fed them by active and concerned teaching assistants. Without concentrated thought, how is newly coined wisdom to be dispensed and mastered. If dollar signs are dancing in the student's head, if raw cupidity corrupts his soul, if contemplating materialist purchases disturbs the student's mental growth, what point learning anything? Disrupting this evolving relationship with academic study by saddling the questing student with some menial, minimum wage drudgery, by interfering with the ceaseless cogitation that is a student's meet and proper burden within all institutions of higher learning, one embraces an obscene perversion of all that is holy and right about advanced education. Never! Again, I say never! To the carrels, where we shall make our stand for undivided attention to our studies across these, our new barricades. And let the so-called "Great Works"---rightly unread due to their relentless racism and misogyny---be our cobblestones. Students of the world, unite! You have nothing to lose but your loans!

﻿I don't know whether are not smoking should be banned at the restaurants in Japan because I have to admit that I don't know much about that country or its culture and therefore I feel that my opinion is not well informed enough to be taken seriously. However, when it comes to smoking in public places in general, I feel that it is better to lean towards the side of banning it. This is because smoking has wide area affects that are not contained only to the individual who are smoking. Alcohol and some drugs have over the years gone through various states of prohibition and usage, and I think that the main difference between these and tobacco comes down to the effects upon the masses. This is to say that when an individual chooses to abuse alcohol, they are really only hurting themselves (as long as they are not driving). However, a person who smokes releases harmful chemicals into the immediate vicinity and is therefore endangering the lives of people around them. Clearly, this second case is much different from the first, and people should deal with these subjects accordingly. I feel that the frequency of smoking has declined somewhat since I was a child and I think this reflects an increasing awareness of the harmful effects of smoking. One day, this knowledge will be widespread enough that smoking will be banned at all restaurants everywhere.

﻿Whether or not they ban smoking at restaurants in Japan, it would be beneficial if they took a look at Colorado because we have banned smoking in our restaurants since around 2003. When this topic was up for debate in our state, there were a lot of people who felt that if we banned smoking indoors, it would impinge upon the rights of smokers. However, after only a few years, smokers have gotten used to it, and now they have no problem stepping outside when they need to have a smoke. In Japan, I think the situation might be similar. At the moment, there are lots of smokers who do not want to have to change their habits or the ways in which they enjoy life, for example, at restaurants. However, if they outlaw smoking at Japanese restaurants, this will be better for the health of other people in the restaurants, and the smokers themselves will get used to this new way of life in only a year or so. Whether or not banning smoking indoors really is an infringement of freedom or not, I don't know, but I do think that no matter the nature of this object, it is not appropriate to affect the health of other people buying continuing to smoke around those who do not want to.

﻿It is extremely important for college students to have a part-time job. It teaches us to be responsible and it also teaches us the real value of money, but more than that, I think college student should have a part-time job so that they can learn to be real adults and stop depending on their parents so much. I have been working part time since I was only 12 years old, so I have no sympathy for some of my friends whose parents seem to have done everything for them. Now, some of my friends think that it is unfair that they don't have extra spending money because their parents stopped giving it to them, but I think they should just did a part-time job and do something for themselves for once. Next, a part-time job is a great way to get used to working in the real world. Some college students just have work study jobs, but these are very different from what they will experience once they graduate from college. Therefore, I think it is good to get a real part-time job at a real company not affiliated with the school as soon as possible both in order to make some extra pocket money as well as to start conditioning yourself for a real career.

﻿I do not think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. We are very young, and we have a lot to worry about, so we don't need to waste any time on things that we don't absolutely have to do. For example, when major is engineering, and every week I have hours and hours of classes and homework and lab assignments. Even if I wanted to work, I would be hard pressed to find the time, and I also think that I would be very stressed out by adding anything more to my already busy schedule. I know a lot of people would disagree with me on this, but I kind of think it is parent's responsibility to provide for their children at least through college. Certainly, after they graduate student should get a fulltime job in begin their careers in earnest, but for the time being I think we should enjoy the little time we have before we're forced to become real adults and spend all our time being serious. In addition, I don't understand why everyone expects us to be so responsible even though we're just kids, so I think it is not really necessary for college students to be working.

﻿It is good for college students to have a part-time job. I think this because I have had a part-time job for a long time. In my part-time job, I work as a waitress at Denny's. By working at a restaurant, I can learn a lot about people skills and how to deal with different kinds of people. In the business world, people skills are very important because they help you to be more successful. The better your people skills are, the more successful you will be. Also, many of my friends have part-time jobs too. Some of them are waitresses, but some of them also work at internships which is pretty impressive. I am not ready to work at a real company yet, and right now my job as a waitress is good enough for me. I am lucky enough for my parents to pay for most of my college, so the money I make is mostly just for me. I hope that other college students can be like me and can find part-time work so that they can make some money too. It is very fun to go out with your friends on the weekend, and it is definitely no fun if you cannot go out because you have no money. Waitressing is a good job for every girl to experience at least for a little bit.

﻿It is very important for college students to have a part time job. A large number of college students, myself included, have their college tuition paid for by their parents and so it is important to learn how to make money on your own so you can learn the value of money and have a little bit of spending money. Also, having a part-time job in college is an easy way to get used to working as everyone will have to find a fulltime job after they graduate. A part-time job can teach you to be responsible, help you make new friends, and help you meet people to network with. Everyone knows it's not what you know but who you know, and so getting started early by finding a part-time job in college is a great way to insure that you'll have some people to talk to after you graduate and are looking for a real job or a real career. I think the most important reason they have a part-time job is so that you can learn the value of money and you can understand how big of a burden your parents have to put you through school. College is expensive, and if you can learn the value of money, you can be well on your way to becoming a successful graduate.

﻿It is a very good idea to ban smoking at the restaurants in Japan. Smoking was banned at the restaurants in my state a while ago, and it has brought with it many good changes. For example, the food has become much more delicious at the restaurants because you do not have to smell cigarette smoke which interferes with the taste of the food. Next, a lot of my friends have decided to quit smoking since smoking was banned at the restaurants, and I am very happy that they finally found a motivation to give up this filthy habit. I think that is smoking was banned at all the restaurants in Japan, all of the same positive benefits that I am seeing would come there as well, and the Japanese would be very happy to see them. Also, I would venture to guess that restaurants staff has become much more healthy as a result of this ban because they are not forced to work in a condition that is harmful to their health. It is also illegal to force people to work in a condition that is harmful to their health, so banning smoking in restaurants is actually already kind of a part of the law.

﻿I think is appropriate for most college students to have a part-time job and it is also very important for them to do so. One reason I think this is because I have been working at a part-time job for most of my college career. A part-time job has allowed me to make many connections which helped me in usually unexpected ways, and sometimes I feel very lucky, but I also realize that all the hard work I do is really what has helped me get so far. Next, other students, your professors, and your parents will respect you more if you try to have a part-time job because it shows that you are responsible and know enough about the world to be mature and try to make some money for yourself and do something for yourself. However, I do not think it is a good idea for students that do not have enough time to find part-time work because the grades will definitely suffer if they tried to put too many things into their schedules. The small amount of money you can make at a part-time job is not worth sacrificing your performance in classes, as any advanced degree student will tell you. In conclusion, college student should have a part-time job if they think they can manage the stresses they may encounter.

﻿. I disagree because training is needed to do any jobs properly. Training requires time and is costly in terms of economic resources. To spend time and other resources to train a worker who is doing it on a temporary basis with no guarantee on his pursuit of the same job later in his life is a complete waste of time and resources. Any part time job creates a distraction for the student. Students should focus on their studies. University studies lay the foundation for a successful career later in life. In certain cases a part time job may force a student to forgo a class or it may make him physically tired. Any forms of exhaustion interferes with the academic ability and ultimately the success of students. Furthermore, the concept of offering jobs to students should be weighed very carefully especially in this economic crisis, against job possibilities for other people in the general economy. There are many full time workers, middle aged people, married couples and even elderly people who are heavily in debt, severely short of any income and out of jobs who need some income just to meet the very basic needs and to cover expenses of the daily life. Jobs should be offered to the groups who are more in need rather than students who may not be so disparate for an income.

﻿If smoking is still allowed at the restaurants in Japan, I think it would be better if it is banned sooner rather than later. Many places in the world and in the United States have already banned smoking in restaurants, and I think this is common sense because restaurants are supposed to be public places where anyone can go and enjoy themselves comfortably without having to worry about whether or not their health will be affected. Especially in the U. S., most of the food is already so bad for you that having the extra affect if smoking is almost just like slapping yourself in the face. Nonetheless, many bars continue to allow smoking, and I feel that this is more appropriate because bars are supposed to be places for adults primarily. This does not make it any more pleasant to be in a bar if you are a nonsmoker, but you have to realize that there are many adults there who have many ideas and different lifestyles. A good first step in this situation might be to just banned smoking at the family restaurants in Japan and leave it legal at the bars and other adult opinions.

﻿I agree with the statement that part-time work is important for college students, and I think most college student should have a part-time job. The only people that I know who don't have part-time jobs have very hard majors such as engineering or med school, and for them it is probably more important to focus on their studies because they will be building things and developing medicine, and if they cut any corners in school they might end up killing people later in their lives. The good thing for them is that they can find some opportunities over the summer if they're not taking classes so that they can still enjoy the benefits of a part-time job such as making some money and making some new friends. Most of us in the business school have part-time jobs, because it is required by our major. I think that other majors should also encourage their students to work part-time so that there is no unfairness in the college system and we all graduate on a level playing field. That is a basic tenet of American culture that everyone should have an equal chance, and having a part-time job is one way to do that.

﻿I disagree that smoking should be banned from all restaurants in the country. Firstly, it is not illegal to smoke cigarettes. These days the places allotted for cigarette smoking is being reduced all the time. Even smoking outside is banned in some areas leaving people who want a smoke with nowhere to go. Since smoking is an addiction and people are going to smoke one way or another, it is better to designate an area for people with similar tastes rather than to force them to take drastic measures. A restaurant that banned smoking would find cigarettes blocking up their bathroom toilets with the smell of smoke there as well. Since both non-smokers and smokers both use the bathroom there is a chance of losing the non-smoking patrons due to stinky bathrooms. Secondly, smoking is one of the last good population control tools legally permitted and actually advertized. With global warming and world over population and with the advances in medical technology, if we don't leave a few deadly vices for people to do themselves in with, we may find ourselves going to restaurants and not finding any food left. So build a wall, put in a glass partition and let the cool people have their smoked dinners.

﻿I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. What many students don't realize is that because the economy is so bad right now, good grades and academic achievement are not enough to ensure employment after graduation, especially in technical fields like engineering or physiology. The fact of the matter is the standards for college graduates have been rising for some time, in one result of this is that students must accomplish more in the same amount of time as they would have had to in the past. I also think that part-time jobs can have a positive influence on college students' learning experience. For example, paid and unpaid internships give students the opportunity to acquire real industry experience while solidifying the knowledge that they will gain in their classes. I've held internships in both of my summers here at university, and I think that I am a much stronger job candidate than my classmates who do not have such experience. Furthermore, I had earned enough money just in the summers as an intern so that I would not have to work during the regular semester. In this way, I was able to both further my career prospects while retaining focus on my studies.

﻿Having a part-time job is one of the best things college students do to help prepare themselves for their futures. It is well known that students to graduate from college with no work experience have an extremely tough time finding employment, and along with this, the employment which they can find is not as lucrative or as engaging as a work that can be found if they only had some work experience. Almost everyone in the world will have to work at some point in their lives, so why not get started as early as possible. I do think that college students should focus most of their time on learning, but it is very easy to find a place that will allow you to work with a flexible schedule so that you can stay focused on your studies. Furthermore, if you're like me and have been going to school for a long time or are pursuing an advanced degree, you will inevitably have to work in order to make enough money to live and eat. Except for a few rare cases of kids that have extremely wealthy parents, most students will need to work in order to support either their living situation or their entertainment.

﻿One of the best parts about having a part-time job is the fact that by having a part-time job you're setting yourself up for a successful career in the future. For example, if you can find the time to have a part-time job, you might be able to earn some credits toward your major by doing volunteer work or internships at companies that are affiliated with your school or with their major. Furthermore, the more time you spent getting used to work, the better, because after you graduate test will be much all that there is left to do. Most adults in the world spend the majority of their lives working, so by having a part-time job in college, you're setting yourself up for a successful portion for a large part of your life. But also, having a part-time job can help you deal with the tedium of doing the same old thing in every class in every semester. Everyone gets tired of studying, and everyone gets tired of doing homework and taking tests, so it is nice to have another outlet on which to focus your energy for those times when you are feeling particularly studious. All in all, I think having a part-time job is a great way to spend your time in college.

﻿People who object to smoking in restaurants are closet totalitarians; or they are unthinking sheep only too happy to bend a knee before any other garlic-breathed madman waving a manifesto about his unkempt hair. This policy has very little to do with health and everything to do with crushing or corralling every little freedom that remains. Passive smoking is no more a danger to the average person than drinking tap water or eating fruit sprayed with pesticides. One is far more likely to be vaporized by a passing Predator drone than succumb to cancer as the result of inhaling used cigarette smoke. Indeed, studies show that nicotine, one of the more salubrious ingredients in tobacco, not only sharpens the faculties when inhaled, it helps delay the onset of senility (except among Reds, who are notoriously crazy to begin with and should be avoided at all costs). Alzheimers robs those afflicted of many years of productivity and worth to society. Anything that can forestall its hideous advance should be celebrated, not denounced by professional fear-mongers as some kind of health hazard. Besides, as anyone who has enjoyed a fine Montecristo cigar will attest, smoking is one of the grander pleasures in life. And smoking, whether cigarette, cigar or pipe, after an expensive meal and in the company of a beautiful woman, is one of the more exquisite experiences one can have on this benighted planet. That some whingeing killjoy nearby objects to the heavenly result of lighting up a fat Cuban and taking in that rich, comforting flavour is of no consequence in the greater scheme of things. Indeed, it is entirely likely the bitter old crone complaining about those magnificent blue wreaths settling over the crockery has never enjoyed a single moment of pleasure in her entire loveless life.

﻿I don't think that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan. Even in the U. S., I feel that there is a much better solution to the smoking problem although I have to admit that I don't know exactly what it is yet. All I know is that there are some people who will be impacted by the decision to ban smoking in restaurants that would not be happy. The best solution is always a solution which makes both people happy, and in this situation the best solution would be a solution that can make both smokers and nonsmokers happy. Smoking and nonsmoking areas do not seem to be satisfactory because the nonsmokers complain that smoke will still go to their side of the restaurant. Banning smoking in restaurants is not satisfactory to the smokers who would like to enjoy tobacco products during their meal. To them, it is a big part of the dining experience to skillfully choose a good tobacco to have after the meal, at least for smokers who are serious about their tobacco like me. I think that everyone should be patient and allow a little bit more time to pass on this issue before we make any rash decisions that will be difficult to undo. If smoking becomes banned at restaurants, I think that it will probably be much harder for it to become unbanned, so we should take our time and make sure we do everything right the first time.

﻿I do not think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I understand that many students have financial difficulty and are therefore forced to work in order to make ends meet, but I really think that most of us in college or steel cans and we should not have to provide for ourselves quite yet. If we're lucky, our parents are very responsible and have already saved up a lot of money so that we can go to college and focus on school rather than making money ourselves. Actually, I had a part-time job in high school, but in that time, I had a lot more free time and I didn't take school as seriously. Everything is different in college though. Now we're studying to become lawyers or doctors or engineers or psychologists were artists or anything else, and we are studying so that we can spend the rest of our careers working in these areas. It is important to spend as much time gaining as much knowledge as we can in our own fields so that we can be successful when we have to enter the real world and start working at companies. So no, I don't think college student should have a part-time job, and I think that it will be a while before I start working.

﻿Smoking should definitely be banned at restaurants. Several countries in the world such as Italy and Ireland have already banned smoking on a nationwide basis, and I feel that this sends a good message about their country to the world. The message is that their government cares about the health of their people, and they care about the health of nonsmokers. Continuing to allow smoking in public places like restaurants only shows a backwards thinking and otherwise primitive culture in that country, and I don't feel that this is consistent with Japan's goals as a world leader and the third largest economy in the world. With such a large economy, it is easy to offset the negative affects that a smoking ban in restaurants may have, and also, a smoking ban in restaurants may have the unexpected affect that business will increase as a result of the increase in customers who now feel comfortable eating out at the restaurants. Next, no one should have to see a family or friend go through a terrible period of hospitalization and a prolonged and miserable last few years. Children should be able to watch their parents grow old, just as their parents would like to watch the children grow old with them.

﻿Yes, I think that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan as well as restaurants everywhere. Myself and many of my girlfriends think that smoking is one of the most unattractive things a man can possibly do, so for both of our sakes I think we should just make it easier to not even have to think about that. Also, smoking can cause many forms of cancer as well as causing heart problems and other lung problems which are best avoided if you want to have a full and fulfilling life. Along a similar note, smoking can cause people around you to develop the same problems that they would if they were smokers themselves, and so it is very rude to do something that makes a decision for everyone else as well. I consider myself to be sort of a gourmet individual, and so I have very strong opinions on this issue because cigarette smoke is one of the most unforgettable mistakes a restaurant can make. Any high class restaurant that allows smoking just so they can make a few extra dollars on the bill of the smokers is simply crass. Conclusively, smoking should be banned at all restaurants.

﻿Part-time work is of course very important for any college student. It is especially important for college students who need help paying for their tuition. In many cases, it is not fair to allow parents to be forced to shoulder the entire cost of their child's education. A responsible and mature college student can learn to understand the value of money and will grow to have a greater appreciation for the enormous expense of college if they choose to work part-time. I think that their parents would be quite pleased to have the added help even if only as a gesture. Also, college students can learn many new skills at part-time jobs such as how to follow directions and how to deal with customers. Customer service is one of the largest industries in the world, and the skills that you can gain in many common part-time jobs will be applicable to any other customer service situation. It is also good for college students to learn the importance of time management and how to conduct it effectively. Without a doubt, any student who can find the time to effectively handle a part-time job should do so because it will provide them many benefits that will extend far into their future.

﻿College students are usually at a stage in their lives where they have the ability to learn many things. It seems like these days work ethics is a big issue. If college students had part time jobs and could understand how to work with others and carry out various task to accomplish a goal at work, this could be rewarding for their character and personal growth not to mention learning or understanding something new. Basic work ethics are learned through part time jobs. Having a part time job in college will teach the student discipline and give them an understanding of money and how it is earned. Looking to the future and seeing more college students with credit cards gives more reasons to be concerned. If parents of the students pay for everything the students will not have a sense to payback what they have borrowed from the credit cards. This will carry over into everyday life and will show irresponsible students and eventually breakdown the economic system which is happing today. Students must learn the value of money and how it is earned, to do this they must spend time working and not spend more than they have earned. Using credit cards is a false sense of money and the credit card companies are constantly pushing students to use cards, therefore, students spend more than they earn without having to get a part time job and rely on their parents to take care of the bill. If credit cards were banned from campus more students would understand the value of money and have to get part time jobs.

﻿Smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking is a privilege, though it often seems to be mistaken for a crime. Within a liberal and democratic society, individuals have the right to decide for themselves what is or is not acceptably harmful to their health. They do not, however, have the right to individually choose what is acceptably harmful to others. As such, the choice to smoke and potentially harm oneself should not affect others in a detrimental manner. There are ways to achieve this end without the complete prohibition of smoking at Japanese restaurants. One viable option is to mandate the use of separately ventilated smoking-rooms. In so doing, the hazards of smoking would be effectively confined to those patrons who consent to them. Yet, this does not address the issue of employee exposure to smoke. A simple solution to this problem would be to hire staff who also smoke to service the smoking-rooms. Such recruitment would not necessarily constitute a dubious hiring practice. This would only be the case if smokers were hired exclusively for all positions or if second-hand smoke inhalation was stipulated as a work requirement for all staff. Hiring a smoking-room waiter or waitress on the condition that they already smoke is not much different from stipulating that a motorcycle stuntman be able to ride a motorcycle. Both jobs carry an associated risk and both require a specific qualification on the part of the candidate. To require the respective qualifications is not discrimination, but a means to assess one's ability to accept the inherent risks.

﻿I agree with the given statement that smoking should be banned at the restaurants in Japan. I have seen how harmful smoking can be for everyone who does it, and since smoking has already been banned at the restaurants in my state, I have seen a lot of improvement in the cleanliness and sanitation of public places in general. This goes to show that there will be a direct improvement in the health of the citizens if smoking is banned in restaurants, and if the smoking is banned in other places as well, they will be an even bigger improvement in the health of the average population. Also, many of the restaurants in my area have reported that they have increased their income by banning smoking in the restaurants as they are able to attract a wider base of clients. Even though they have some clients who are smokers that were unhappy to see that smoking was banned, everyone can agree to enjoy the food in the restaurant and save smoking for other locations. If smokers can adapt this easily to a simple ban on smoking in restaurants, I think it is not such a big deal and Japan should go ahead and ban smoking in their restaurants if they feel they need to.

﻿I agree that smoking should be banned from many countries and also restaurants. This includes Japan. Smoking is really bad and can give you cancer in your lungs, throat, and other places. They really is very bad for you. Smoking should not be allowed in restaurants because it forces other people to smoke whether they want to or not. It is especially bad for young children whose bodies are not as resilient and strong as adults were even teenagers. One time I was at a party where everyone was smoking and the house was very smoky. I wasn't smoking myself, but the next day when I woke up, my throw hurt very badly and my eyes were very red. This goes to show that even though I'm not a smoker, other people who are smoking did something that may have affected my health. I don't think it's fair for people to make decisions about anyone other than themselves, and smoking like this is very rude to everyone around you. However, I do think that if they ban smoking at restaurants in Japan or any other places, they should give smokers a place where they can go to smoke freely and where they will not harm anyone, such as designated smoking areas. Known to the ad: cad and see with two home a home and you can

﻿Any student worth his salt knows that a part-time job is very important. If he has no part-time job, he has no proof that he is able to work. Getting good grades in school is just simply not a good way to show that you are ready to enter the business world; it only shows that you know how to take tests and study. In some ways, it does also show that you know how to work hard which is a valuable asset for a full time career, but, I would say that I have used almost none of the things I actually learned in college in my full time job. I listed myself as a student because I'm still attending one class to finish up my degree, but I have been working full time for almost a year. More than the actual knowledge that they teach you in college, I think that they teach you have to learn, which is a valuable thing to know how to do so that you can quickly adapt to new situations at your workplace. This is a skill that is the best developed through direct experience, and a part-time job will do wonders for your ability to apply things you learn in the classroom to real world situations.

﻿The opinion, that it is important for college student to have a part-time job, has some merit. There are several reasons why this is a good idea. Firstly, a college education is a significant expense for a college student and their family. Many families do not have the capital to pay the full cost of a college education and thereby have to cover the tuition by taking out a bank loan and in some cases even mortgaging their house or business. This puts a significant amount of strain on the family finances. Therefore, if college students can assist their families with financing, they should. Even if they don't earn enough to help with college tuition, a part-time job can help them pay for all personal expenses or study materials, thereby, reducing the pressure on their parents and encouraging them to become independent, mature adults. Secondly, a significant reason for all young people, including college students, to have part-time jobs is because it is great for the economy. In many countries, including Japan, a large percentage of shoppers are young people. They are the first to take notice of changes in fashion and technology and they often want to buy the latest products, thereby reviving the economy. In addition, when college student are working at local shops their labor cost is low, so shop owners can pass these savings onto the customer. This final point is most important to me.

﻿It would be a great idea to ban smoking at Japanese restaurants. I think this for three reasons. First of all, smoking is extremely dangerous for the health of everyone around it. As a result, I do not think it is fair for the habit of a few to affect the health of many. Also, smoking can negatively affect the experience one might have had a restaurant. One enormous part of any gourmet experience is a variety of smells one can enjoy in addition to the taste of the food, and cigarette smoke absolutely destroys this part of the experience. Next, smoking is a very expensive habit, and smokers may spend hundreds or even thousands of dollars every year is to buy cigarettes. I think this money could be spent much more well and some other way, and it would be an interesting experiment for any smoker to save all the money they would have spent on smokes for an entire year and then see how much they had accumulated. My guess is that it would probably be enough for a vacation or something else similarly large. Last, smoking can damage the actual interior of a restaurant, as smoke is very bad four walls, upholstery, and floors. Therefore, smoking should be banned at restaurants.

﻿Since I work in a restaurant, I feel I have a great perspective to offer on this situation. Personally, I find it very offensive when our patrons decide to smoke in the restaurant. It is not actually illegal, but I do think it has a negative impact on the restaurant and our image as a professional and caring workplace. Also, there are a lot of kids that eat at our restaurant, and they should not have to deal with the cigarette smoke at such a young age. It is much easier for them to get sick and to have their health harmed badly by the cigarette smoke, but also, we have to work for a long time in the restaurant every day, so if it is smoky, that can really make your head ache and drain your energy. I hope that one day someone will ban smoking officially at my restaurants. And although I don't know much about the situation in Japan, I will definitely decide not to go there to work at a restaurant until they get this issue figured out and they can guarantee me that I will not have to work in a dirty environment. As a cook, I do feel that smoking should be banned in restaurants.

﻿Ever since I was a little girl my parents have always told me not to smoke. They say that it is a dirty habit that can destroy the lives of otherwise innocent people. Even when we were in grade school they showed us many documentaries about the harmful effects of smoking. One of the documentaries claimed that smokers will spend tens of thousands of dollars on cigarettes throughout their whole lives. Why not save this money and put it on something more constructive and not as negative for your health. The documentaries also showed many photos of smokers' lungs. To be honest, those pictures are some of the most graphic and disgusting things I have ever seen, and many of my friends who had experimented with smoking as teenagers were compelled to stay away from smoking as a result of these films. Obviously, this must mean that these films are effective in discouraging smoking, and maybe they can be used in Japan as well in order to deal with the smoking problem at restaurants. If Colorado can be used as an example, I think that it is only a matter of time until more states and more countries decide to completely ban smoking in all the restaurants.

﻿I think that most people would agree that having a part-time job is a good option for a student. I've had a part-time job since my first semester of college and I have learned a lot from working there. Most of my friends complain that they do not want to find any part time job because they are already very busy with their schoolwork and their social lives. It is true that having a part-time job sometimes makes it difficult to find time to do everything that you want or need to do, but putting yourself in situations in which you're a little bit uncomfortable is one of the best ways to grow and become stronger as a person, student, and an employee. What's more, by having a part-time job I can make enough money to fund all of my personal expenses such as food, rent, and entertainment. The fact of the matter is that my friends who do not have money cannot have as much fun as I have or have as much freedom as I have. It sometimes seems sad, but money really is power. If you have a part-time job, you can make money, you can gain skills, and you can make professional contacts.

﻿A part-time college job was one of my favorite parts of college. I was able to meet new friends, learn new things, and make a respectable amount of money (for a college student) all while earning credit towards my undergraduate degree. Although now I am too busy with research for my Ph. D. to have a part-time job any longer, I still miss the days of my part-time job. I worked at a small ice cream store that was very close to my college. Even though the hourly wages were rather low, I was able to learn how ice cream is made which is something that not a lot of people can say. In the same way as me, I am sure that there are hundreds of thousands of students who are able to learn some new or unique thing that they would not be able to learn if they never had a part-time job. Furthermore, employers give preference to applicants with work experience especially if that experience is related. Along the same lines, preference would be given to an applicant with work experience over and applicant with no work experience. As a result, it clearly makes sense for most college students to seek out and find a part-time job.

﻿There should be total ban on smoking in all public places, including restaurants. Going to restaurants is both a pleasure and a necessary activity for many people. Why should non-smokers be subjected to second-hand smoking, to its negative effects or to its bad smell if they are in a restaurant enjoying their meals? Why should we allow their pleasure to be spoiled by the selfishness of a smoker puffing smoke into the air? Non-smokers have the same basic rights as smokers. These rights should be upheld and respected. It is a proven fact that smoking can cause various maladies; these maladies range from simple problems such as tooth cavities to a far more complicated malady such as lung cancer. We should therefore protect the right and the health of non- smokers. Protecting the non-smokers from the dangers of second-hand smoke has noticeable financial implications as well. Second- hand smoke exposes the victim to a wide range of diseases resulting from nicotine. A major part of governments' health budget is dedicated to curing smoking related diseases. Once the dangers of second hand smoking are totally abolished, there would be a noticeable decrease in diseases as well as a huge saving in governments' health budgets. It is beyond doubt that there should be a ban on smoking in restaurants.

﻿While a great many of my friends and family think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job or seek some form of supplementary income, I simply do not think it is that important for college students to have a job. First, in many large ways students already have a job. Their job is to be students. Their job is to learn to go to school. They should not be required to work as a kid easily lead a distraction from their studies and have a negative impact on their performance in classes. In college, we always say that you can only pick two of the three areas which are good grades, sleep, and a social life. The fact of the matter is that we are already busy enough learning and making new connections to have extra time to work. That being said, there are opportunities such as work study which allow you to make a little bit of cash and sometimes allow you to study on the job. I think this is much different from part time work, in which you must focus your attention solely on the task at hand and have no room to keep up with schoolwork.

﻿Whether not college student should have a part-time job has been a matter of serious discussion for as long as I can remember. This issue was still widely talked about when I first enrolled in school when I was only 18 years old, and now, 11 years later, it is still a matter of some debate. I think this is because no matter how the times change or how society or culture evolves, people will always be different, and it will be difficult to make rules that will perfectly suited everyone to which they apply. When it comes to part-time work, the simple fact of the matter is that students should decide on an individual basis whether or not part-time work is important for them and only them. I don't understand why anyone else feels they have a right to weigh in on the subject when the person who is at stake is legally an adult and can do things and make decisions for themselves. Students who are not mature enough to benefit from the experience of a part-time job will naturally stay away from such a pursuit. On the other hand, students who feel they are ready for a part-time job will get one. Only they can decide whether or not the time is right.

﻿Excellent idea! How soon can it be set up? Honestly, I'm surprised that it has taken this long for Japan to consider this ban. Smoking related deaths and sicknesses in Japan are increasing, not decreasing and the number of illnesses that can be attributed to passive smoking, are also on the rise. While I guess that there might be a huge backlash at first, people would adopt the idea soon enough and a ban can only help the health situation in the long run. Too bad if the smokers disagree because really, no one is telling them not to smoke, just where they are not allowed to smoke which seems perfectly OK to me. Why should others be inconvenienced or be put at risk if they don't want to suck in secondhand smoke? If people are working near inflammable substances and there are smoking restrictions in place, nobody seems to mind and everybody understands readily enough. For me, it just makes perfect sense to do the same thing in restaurants and public places because chemicals from smokes can kill and cause disease which makes it high risk just to go to a restaurant and eat out. Let's make the world a safer place to live in and start by cleaning up the air that we breathe.

﻿I am very surprised to hear that smoking is not already banned at restaurants in Japan. I always think of Japan as this futuristic place where everyone is enlightened, healthy, and technologically savvy. These may be stereotypes, but if smoking really is allowed in restaurants in Japan it would be in sharp contrast to the country's worldwide image. Smoking is not allowed in the restaurants here, and I think this is a good thing. This is because smoking can give you cancer and lung cancer in particular is one of the worst ways to go. Unfortunately, smoking is highly addictive and people who start having a very difficult time quitting, but this is no excuse to allow them to affect the health of other people by smoking in public places. Finally, smoking is very expensive. We learned in school that every year a smoker may spend thousands of dollars on cigarettes. I have to say that I think this is a waste of money, because cigarettes don't really do anything for you. Alcohol is kind of the same way, that is, it doesn't really do anything for you, but at least when you drink safely and do not drive, you will not affect the health of other people around you.

﻿Many college students enjoy having a part-time job, but many college students also feel that they have enough work in their classes that they will not be able to balance the demands upon their time that having a part time job would impose. Thus, it is really not a question of whether all college students should have a part-time job or whether no college student should have a part-time job but rather a question of the appropriateness of a part time job given a specific student's situation. Students who feel that they have enough time to have a part-time job are good candidates for work study programs and can make a little bit of money as well. Students who do not feel that they have enough time for part-time jobs should just focus on their studies and not allow themselves to be distracted. This is the best solution for everyone and it allows the students decide for themselves whether are not they would like a part-time job. Another benefit is that if someone makes the wrong decision, they always have the choice of undoing that decision since part-time jobs in college are not that serious. For these reasons, a student should really decide for himself or for herself if a part-time job is appropriate.

﻿I have never been a smoker and I usually don't go to restaurants where I encounter cigarette smoke, so I have to admit that I honestly have not given much thought to this idea. My parents have told me that smoking used to be pretty common in restaurants, and they also told me that it was pretty terrible. If this is true, then I would have to say that the restaurants in Japan should ban smoking, because I'm sure that there are parents just like mine who feel the same way. Also, I do have a few friends who are smokers, and they don't seem to mind that they cannot smoke in restaurants too much. All they have to do is go outside, and often it is nice to get a nice breath of fresh air while you are out there, they say. I really do hope that they will not smoke forever, and I think that banning smoking in restaurants has made at least a little bit of progress in encouraging people to quit smoking. If more countries ban smoking in restaurants, more people will be able to quit smoking, and everyone will become more healthy. I guess that this is a pretty good goal for the next few years.

﻿The topic of banning smoking in restaurants just came up recently in my own state in Texas. A conclusion has still not been reached, however, I feel that the arguments that were presented from both sides would be similar to the arguments that will be presented from both sides if the same issue comes under discussion in Japan. To summarize things quickly, the nonsmokers feel that it is rude of the smokers to smoke in restaurants because they have to deal with the bad smell and harmful effects upon their health of the cigarette smoke. The smokers feel that the nonsmokers are trying to impose upon their freedom to do anything they want to do, and personally I feel that this is a very serious problem and I would feel very bad if someone tried to tell me what I could or couldn't do. The solution that my state currently uses is to separate restaurants into smoking and nonsmoking sections, and this works to varying degrees of success. Some restaurants have a very good nonsmoking area where you cannot even tell that the restaurant also has a smoking area, but some restaurants have a smoking area that is almost indistinguishable from the non-smoking area. I think that it will take some time to find an even better solution to this situation.

﻿I have never been to Japan and I didn't know that smoking was allowed in the restaurants there. In the restaurants here in Colorado, smoking has been banned for almost 10 years, and like many others I think that this has been a good move for our state. I don't know if other states in the US still allow smoking in restaurants, but if so, I think it should be banned there too. My opinion probably will have any effect on the Japanese situation, but I do think that banning all smoking in all the restaurants would be a good move for that country as well from my own experience. The restaurants have become cleaner, and it is easier to enjoy a meal there than it was 10 years ago. Most of my friends are smokers do not seem to mind that they have to step outside if they want to have a smoke. Like many others, I absolutely abhor the smell of cigarette smoke, and I feel that it will disburse better outside than it would inside. I don't really care if people smoke and it is their choice, but I don't think I should have to smoke too if they want to.

﻿A part-time job can help a student to learn many skills I will be valuable in their future. As such, it is a great way to invest their time especially for the enormous rewards that you can gain in the future. For example, if you can find work related to your major such as at internships or a local company, you'll have a huge advantage over the other college graduates who graduate with little to no work experience. Real world experience combined with a college degree is a very deadly combination, and the more students can do to effect this kind of outcome from their college experience, the more strong and prosperous our industry and economy will grow. I maybe somewhat visionary in expressing my ideas in this manner, but I don't feel that it is appropriate for students to spend all of their time goofing off and not spend enough time investing in their own futures. The financial gains that stand to be made by being diligent and hardworking in college as well as in a part-time job are plenty of incentive for students to take it seriously, and in conclusion, college student should have a part-time job.

﻿I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Smoking is very bad for your body. I don't like smoking because it makes me cough and it makes my throw hurt very badly. I don't like it when my friends smoke around me because the same thing happens. I don't understand how they can breathe that stuff into their lungs, because it is full of bad stuff and makes your mouth very dry. It also makes your teeth yellow and makes your clothes stink. Even some of my girlfriends who are smokers who think they don't smell bad still have the cigarette smoke smell around them. This makes it hard to be in the car with them or otherwise be around them. I bet that a lot of young Japanese girls feel the same way as I do. I bet that they think it would be a good idea to ban smoking especially in restaurants. Otherwise, they probably would not have asked me this question. Smoking is also bad for your clothes. It makes them smell bad, and if you get ash on them it is very difficult to get it off. Also, all the boys I talked to say that they do not like to kiss girls who smoke, so I think that is a good reason to have abstained from smoking too.

﻿I don't really care if all the restaurants in Japan ban smoking or not. I have never been to Japan, and I don't really see myself going at any point in the future, so for all I the care they can do whatever they want to do. But, I hope that one day they ban smoking at all the restaurants in my home in South Carolina. Down here in the south, I think that a lot more people smoke than in other areas of the country, and I also think this is a primary reason for the port image of southern health. Sure, we eat a lot of fried foods and drink a lot of sweet tea, but a lot of people smoke down here even though they know it is bad for them. Everyone knows that smoking gives you cancer, so I don't understand why anyone does it anymore. Finally, smoking is an expensive habit over time. I saw a TV show where they say that the average smoker will spend almost $100, 000 over their life if they smoke just one pack a day. That's a lot of money that could be much better spent on a lot of other things. In conclusion, more people should try to stop smoking.

﻿I don't think it should be banned legally by the government. I believe that it's a personal choice of the restaurant proprietor and his prospective client. Many restaurants have already gone non-smoking in other parts of the world, but in Japan, there are still a lot more smoking than non-smoking. I don't smoke myself, but I don't begrudge others if they want to. If you use force, by legal compliance or otherwise, the Japanese Government would be taking away a person's or restaurant's choice and then what are they left with? Perhaps 0. 01% less instances of cancer or related diseases. Kowtowing to the minority who happen to be either allergic to or who just resent smoking and smokers, is clearly not the answer. Otherwise, come election time in Japan, the government might discover that there are more smoking voters than non-smoking voters which, is highly probable. You would stand more of chance trying to ban the rain than ban smoking across restaurants in Japan. Instead of trying to force and enforce a ban, I think that the Japanese Government would be better off testing the waters first. E. g. they might consider polling the people first before trying to force them into doing things. Seems to me that it would be the diplomatic and tactful way of finding out what's what and who stands where on the issue.

﻿I think that it is a shame that so many people feel they have the right to impose their opinions on others. The more rules we have placed on our behavior the less free we are, and I think it is common knowledge that both the United States and Japan are free countries. Citizens should be able to do as they please as long as this does not interfere with others. This situation is very similar to the people trying to ban guns. Most owners and users of guns are very responsible people who are properly trained in the use of guns, but there are a few bad people who are ruining it for us all. It seems that there are some very inconsiderate smokers out there who aren't doing much to help nonsmokers be accepting of their habit and may be doing so by smoking in restaurants and other public places. If smoking was banned in restaurants and restaurants in Japan I don't think it would be a huge deal because they can always still smoke outside. The thing that worries me is that the next step will be to ban smoking outside as well and this would truly be a breach of civic freedom.

﻿Smoking is a filthy and disgusting habit. For this reason, it is my sincere hope that one day smoking will become much rarer than it is now. Even in the U. S., I feel that too many people smoke, but I was lucky enough to be able to go to Tokyo, Japan, for one week for vacation last year. The amount of smoking there even in public places like restaurants simply horrified me. It was very hard to enjoy time on my vacation with my Japanese friends because the air was literally so smoky that sometimes I felt like I was going to be sick. This is a feeling that no one should have to experience, and everyone should be able to go to a restaurant that is clean and smoking free so that they can enjoy themselves. They should establish some smoking areas so the smokers have a designated place where they can freely enjoy their still disgusting and very dirty habit but without bothering other people. If all the restaurants in Japan were to ban smoking, they may be able to increase their profits because more families would be encouraged to go to the restaurants because they were cleaner. Also, this decision may help some people who are trying to quit smoking to give them a slight push in the direction they need to finally kick this terrible habit.

﻿I don't agree with this statement that is important for college students to have a part-time job. I think this because most students already have a full time job which is going to school. Our job as college students is to make our parents proud and get good grades so that we can eventually get a good career once we graduate. Also, some of us want to go to a master's degree or PHD program, and if we do poorly in our undergraduate studies it will be impossible to pursue this kind of opportunity. Students will have plenty of time to work after they graduate from college, and thus there is no reason to jump the gun and start using all your effort to do something that you have the rest of your life to do. The amount of money you can make by working in a part-time job is offset by the amount of money you can eventually make working at a fulltime job, so I think that student should enjoy the short time we have left to be kids and not have to be too serious. For these reasons and many more, I think it is obvious that college students should not have to have a part-time job.

﻿I have had a part-time job only in the last semester of college. I have been working at the recreation center weight room, where I keep everything clean and help people who need help. This work study job is really great because I am allowed to study when the weight room is not busy, and this allows me to keep up with my schoolwork while I make a little bit of spending money. Even though this job is not related to my psychology major, I feel that having worked in a real situation can help me to gain some of the experience I will need to be successful after graduation. Also, I have made many new friends by working here, and I hope that I can make many more in the future as well. It is a great feeling to encounter people on campus who you have met through your work and it is a great feeling when someone recognizes you. The sense of community and togetherness that comes from working in any organization is also very important. As the saying goes, no man is an island, and having a part-time job is kind of like having a bridge back to the mainland. Based on my own experience, I therefore think it is safe to say that is important for college students to have a part-time job.

﻿I have a part-time job, and all of my friends have part-time jobs too. We think that it is very important to have a part-time job in college so that you can have money to spend on the weekends. Socializing and making new friends is very important for college students and having a part-time job allows you to meet new people on the job but also allows you to meet new people when you go out on the weekends. Everyone knows that it's not what you know but who you know, and all of my friends who've already graduated tell me that if you don't have a contact at the company you want to apply for, you probably won't get hired. But so, I think only an idiot would not want to have a part-time job because if you don't have one, you are basically limiting yourself in the opportunity's you have to find work after graduation when you want to start a career. Also, you can learn a lot of great things at a part-time job. For example, I work at a gardening store, and I have learned a lot about the names of all the flowers that we have. My girlfriend really likes this because I can always prepare the best flower for any occasion, and that makes me feel very good. I think that all students should have a part-time job.

﻿I am not exactly sure where this question is coming from, as I'm not sure my opinion really has anything to do with Japan, but I do think that banning public smoking is a good step here in the 21st century. Even just 50 years ago, people did not know much about the harmful effects of smoking upon the human body. Therefore, I don't really blame them for the amount of smoking which they took part in. A lot of my older relatives and a lot of my friend's older relatives have been smoking for a long time, and so for them it is very, very hard to quit smoking. I understand this, and so I do not get too upset when they smoke as long as they do not smoke around me. This is to say that if they did smoke around me I would be rather upset and a restaurant would be no exception. The fact of the matter is that smoking is to simply rude to the people around you, and if you have any interest at all in being a polite and otherwise good person, you should not smoke in public places. In conclusion, banning smoking at all the restaurants in Japan would fit in with this idea.

﻿I agree that it is very important for students to have a part-time job while they are in college. This is because a part-time job is valuable preparation for the future of the student and will also help them to expand their skill set in the ever increasing demands of the modern business world. We learn in business school that a lot of students enter the workforce unprepared to meet the high expectations and required work ethic in many large corporations especially. Since I personally want to find some work in a large corporation, I think it will be necessary to have strong part time experiences, and I have thought so for a long time. Therefore, I have served at three different internships, and when I graduate at the end of this fall of 2011, I am confident in my previous experience will serve me well and I can land a really great job with really great benefits. Then, I will be able to enjoy that good position for many years to come, so my part-time job will have served its purpose perfectly. For any student like me, a part-time job is absolutely essential and is in a prudent preparation for the future.

﻿College students should not work while they are in school for several reasons. First, it is difficult to focus, second, it takes time away from studies, and third, sometimes a part-time job can lead to other paths which are distracting to the path of a degree which was original goal. If a student decides to work part time, the student will have additional responsibilities that will deter a student from the focus. If a student is to excel, he/she will need to put all energies into creating an environment that is conducive to a good study. It is the first time in a young students life, the student makes decisions as open as going to class or doing homework. Failure is a much larger possibility than in high school because at this point in a students life, the administration is treating them as an adult. Consequently, a job poses a threat. Money is quite a distracterSecondly, time from studies is the most important element in success at school. If a student takes on a heavy load the true determination of a students boils down to time management. Every hour is either spend studying, sleeping, going to class and having fun. The college experience is about networking, meeting people, learning and essentially getting good grades and landing a good job in his/her field. Finally, if a student is ideal for a position in a part time job, the employer might want to give the student additional responsibilities. If given a choice between money and classes, many people especially early on in one's life would choose money. It is after all, the reason we are in school; to earn a degree and ultimately get a job. College should be a time for studies not for distracting part time jobs.

﻿College is a time for most students when their mind is at its most curious stage. They are entering a new phase of life and going to a place where they will be encountering new things. At college people make life long friends and to do this they share many of the same activities, such as swimming class or chemistry experiments or even creating a new light bulb. To work a part time job would take the student away from these activities which they have already paid for. The students should spend most of their time on campus; college is not just getting a degree and moving on. It is a period in a person's life that should be cherished. If a student is always going to their part time job they will miss the social ideas of college will only be able to attend classes. Being able to communicate socially as well as understanding the academics is an important stage when attending college. I feel students should live in the dormitory and take part in activities offered by the school. This is a time when the students will learn most by being exposed to group activities with their peers. Living together and sharing ideas by being part of the same dorm gives you a permanent bond for life. The student who goes to the part time job will be left behind because they won't be able to participate in many of the college activities offered by the dorm and social groups on campus. This is a time for awareness and creating new ideas. If a student is worried about getting to the part time job and doing work there it will take away from the main ideas of college life.

﻿Whether are not smoking should be banned at Japanese restaurants should be decided by the people who it affects most, the Japanese. Nonetheless, I feel that I can offer some perspectives on the situation which may not already have been brought up. I am sure that everyone else is writing about how smoking is bad for people and how it is rude to these people and the restaurants staff to smoke at restaurants. What some people may have not considered, however, is that when it comes to the end of the day, many smokers are really not in control of their smoking habit. This is to say that nicotine is so addictive that these people literally cannot control their behavior. There is also a strong emotional connection to having something in the mouth, which comes from our time as babies. This is why so many smokers are successful in quitting by chewing gum, using toothpicks, or chewing sunflower seeds. All of these can serve as good replacements for the feeling of having something in your mouth, and so I feel that more than banning smoking in restaurants, there should be more opportunities for smokers to quit smoking effectively. This solution stands to solve the entire problem of smoking and not only the problem of the nuisance in restaurants.

﻿Banning smoking at restaurants is becoming a common practice in many states in the United States of America. The fact that smoking is still permitted at Japanese restaurants would thus appear to be a temporary condition, because as time goes on the limitations on smoking are becoming more and more widespread. In addition, no one likes to have their meal ruined by an inconsiderate individual who deems it appropriate to light up right in the middle of the restaurant. Such an individual is endangering not only himself but also others around him with his second hand smoke, which is surprisingly much more dangerous than the smoke he will be inhaling himself. Long periods of exposure to secondhand smoke have been known to cause cancer just as long periods of smoking does as well. With this kind of obvious link between a life threatening disease and a stupid habit, the choice to quit smoking and the choice to ban smoking at restaurants would seem to be obviously a good one. Nonetheless, there are many individuals who consider themselves rebels and find all kinds of ways to claim that other people are imposing upon their rights to be themselves. There is no way to please this kind of individual, but there is a way to keep this kind of individual from hurting other people. That would be by banning smoking at the restaurants in Japan.

﻿Again, although I think that banning smoking at restaurants in Japan would be good for the health of the Japanese and be an act of goodwill to the nonsmokers, I will take the opposite position and explain why it banning smoking at all the restaurants in Japan may have some unintended consequences. First, people should be free to do what they want and not have to worry about if other people are mad at them for doing something they love. Next, for many smokers, having a cigarette after a meal is very satisfying and enhances the experience they have in the restaurant. Also, they can select their cigarettes to complement the tastes of the meal and have a truly gourmet experience. Finally, many restaurants already have nonsmoking areas and smoking areas which can separate nonsmokers from smokers so that both groups are happy and neither group pass to worry about the other. This is really the best solution because it keeps everyone happy and allows everyone to do exactly what they want to do without making any rules that would negatively affect one group. Therefore, there are some reasons why banning smoking at the restaurants in Japan would be a bad idea.

﻿But because there are many hidden benefits to having a part-time job, I think that many students stand to benefit by having one. For example, I work at the rec center, and as a result I spend a lot of time thinking about health and fitness and how to become stronger, faster, and more fit. Most of my coworkers are the same way, and most of us have a very high level of fitness. This is the hidden benefit that I was talking about. Not only do we have a good job at a fun place on campus, we can learn about how to be healthy and we can have a place where we can do all the things we need to do to stay fit. In the same way, there are different in benefits to different part-time jobs. For example, if you work at a pizza restaurant, you can learn how to make pizza and you can also eat as much as you want to, although that might be bad for you. Every part time job has a hidden benefit that you can take advantage of if you only take the small effort to think about all the things you are doing and how you can work on those things to benefit yourself as well.

﻿The statement that smoking should be banned in all restaurants is a good policy in theory, but in reality there are many people who go to restaurants to enjoy smoking and drinking while eating. Theses people make up a significant customer base for the food and beverage industry. I think that what law makers should do is pass the responsibility of protecting nonsmoking customers onto the restaurant owners. One way to do this is by charging higher taxes to restaurants with poor ventilation systems or without a barrier separation between smoking and nonsmoking sections. I believe that if the restaurant has taken reasonable steps to separate the smokers from non-smokers, then they have done their job to make sure that all customers have a comfortable dining experience. Instead of banning smoking, another way to stem the smoking vs. nonsmoking controversy is to increase in the number of non-smoking restaurants and cafes. At this time many popular cafes, such as Starbucks have had tremendous success with promoting a smoke free environment inside the cafe. As the nonsmoking culture becomes increasingly popular, smokers will find a ways to curb their smoking appetites while dining. Overall, the best way to solve this situation is to give customers a choice.

﻿Smoking can cause many health problems such as lung cancer, heart disease, and emphysema. Accordingly, it should not be allowed in restaurants especially ones where there are many children present. I recently read a study in which it was shown that many smokers simply decided to quit after smoking was banned in restaurants, and I think this situation would hold true for Japan as well, so it may be beneficial for the health of their people as a whole if they would ban smoking in their restaurants. That study also showed that heart disease was reduced by 5% in the five years after smoking was banned at the restaurants in that state. With this direct an obvious link between banning smoking in restaurants in increased levels of health in the populace, I don't see how there can be any other outcome than that smoking will eventually be banned in restaurants. So why don't nations and governments take the plunge and go ahead and get it over with because there's just no way that smoking will be allowed in restaurants forever. Having smoking and nonsmoking areas does not adequately address the problem, and the only way to fully address the problem is to just ban smoking altogether.

﻿I think that in general it is a good idea to ban smoking at restaurants. I have been around long enough to see many of my friends as well of my older relatives suffer the harmful effects that smoking can bring such as cancer in the worst cases, and just a nasty smoker's cough in other cases. I do not want to see any more of my loved ones suffer these kinds of consequences, and I know that there will be a direct impact upon the health of people with banning smoking at restaurants. I think the Japanese people are smart enough to realize this too, and so they should make haste in passing some kind of law or rule that would ban smoking in their restaurants. If they do this, they will be doing a favor to the current generation as well as to the next generation of citizens, and that is what a government is supposed to do. Finally, we have to remember that everything these days is all about money, and so we will need to find some way for the restaurants and the tobacco companies to keep their profits if we want to ban smoking in restaurants in any short or foreseeable time frame.

﻿I think that all college students should have a part-time job because it is the easiest way to make enough money to go out on the weekends. College is a very important time for making connections with other people, making new friends, and expanding your professional network, so it is extremely important to spend enough time being social so that you can experience the benefits of knowing a wide variety of people. Having a part-time job also allows you to appear more responsible to adults, and they will respect what you are saying more if you show them that you understand at least a little bit about the real world. Also, you can make your parents proud by having a part-time job and showing them that you have learned what money is really worth. Some people think that college students should not have a part-time job because it will interfere with their studying habits, but I think that if anything, having a part-time job can help you focus your self and motivate you to be more effective when you study. In conclusion, having a part-time job in college is very important for college students and can benefit them in many ways.

﻿I think that it is great for college students to have a part-time job, but for the sake of argument I will be taking the opposite side, that is, the side of things college student should not have a part-time job. When a college student has a part-time job, they basically have an excuse to not focus very hard on their schoolwork. It's basically like giving them a free pass to under achieve. College students in many ways already have an occupation and that occupation is to go to school. Furthermore, part-time work is very boring and not a lot of college students like to do boring things. We want to have fun and experience a lot of new things in college, but we have our whole lives to work but we don't have our whole lives to have fun. Also, it is very hard to find a part-time job that is flexible enough and allows studying so that students could use their time effectively even while working. The best work study positions are taken by the smartest kids and the employers to want to hire anyone who doesn't have a 4. 0 GPA. For these reasons, college student should focus on other things that part-time work while they are in college.

﻿I think it is up to the Japanese people whether smoking should be banned or not in their restaurants. Personally, I think smoking is disgusting and I really don't understand why anyone even does it anymore. But, I do realize that every culture has different standards and different expectations for its citizens. In Colorado, smoking has been illegal in restaurants for as long as I can remember, all we have our own standards for health and we make our own decisions upon what is best for our people. I think that banning smoking in restaurants in Japan would probably have some of the same benefits as it had here, but I don't know much about their culture and I am not sure how their people would feel about that kind of ban. Presumably, the Japanese people value freedom and their actions as much as we do in America, so there may be many people who are upset if smoking is ever banned in restaurants. However, from a health standpoint, it really isn't fair to allow people to engage in an activity which directly affects the health of other people. Smoking in restaurants affects more people than just the smokers themselves, and they should be considered in any legislature and that is passed. And an

﻿I agree with this statement for various reasons. The first reason is because studying costs a lot of money and it should not just be the job of the parents to pay for all of our education. Parents work very hard and pay for education right through until we leave university. Doing a part-time job also shows our parents that we are mature and responsible. Also, when we enter college, we are no longer children and so we should take it upon ourselves to find part-time work in order to help with the costs. I also believe that when we reach college age we should be taught the value of money and doing a part time job helps us realize this. College should be a special time in our lives when we learn not only from books but from the people around us. Learning from people and colleagues where we work enables college students to grow up quicker and learn about "life. " Finally, doing a part-time job helps us realize what job we might want to do when we graduate. Those experiences could also show us what jobs we don't want to do when we leave college. I think it is important to have a part time job that you can learn many things while doing it. Parents should encourage their kids to get jobs as soon as they reach the correct age.

﻿I agree that smoking should be banned from all the restaurants in the country. The largest and most undisputable reason is that smoking shortens people's lives. It is definitely the largest cause of lung cancer in the world and is a plague on mankind. A substitute habit should be invented for people wanting to relax that will not kill them slowly while polluting the air around them. Sanitary issues are also important to think about since smoke not only stains the smokers teeth, clothes and hair, it stains the walls and must therefore get on the plates, in the food and drinks as well. Air walls, air conditioners and curtains do not completely block out the smoke or smell from the non-smoking side of a restaurant. For some extra sensitive people it could make eating at that restaurant impossible. Safety is another reason why smoking should be banned. Lighting fires indoor is one of the most obvious reasons for buildings to burn down, and with the potential for a cigarette butt that has not been full extinguished to find it's way into the trash, onto the floor or perhaps even be doused with a flammable liquid such as Bacardi 151. Hello Mr. Molotov cocktail.

﻿There are a number of reasons why I believe college students should have a part-time job. Firstly, students need to learn the value of money. Throughout their time at school they are fully dependent on their parents and grandparents for all their financial needs. Many youngsters growing up in today's consumerist society may have little concept of the real value of money. They are given their own cell phones funded by their parents and are always in possession of the latest games and clothes. When they want something new, in most cases they only have to ask. Having a part-time job, and earning a wage allows students a degree of financial independence and the chance to learn to both save money, and spend wisely. Secondly, having a part-time job allows students to develop practical skills, for example communicating with a variety of age groups, teamwork, dealing with problems, business etiquette, and using formal spoken language. These are skills which students may have studied about, but not had a chance to put into practice. Thirdly, students in a part-time job can gain valuable experience in their chosen (future) field of employment. For example, if they wish to become a teacher, they can work part-time in a nursery school, or cram school. If they wish to work in tourism, they can work at hotels or as local tour guides at weekends. The current employment market for graduates is very challenging, with many companies receiving thousands of applications for each position. Having prior work experience may be the key to securing a good job. In addition, students can develop professional contacts, leading to opportunities of full-time employment in the same organization upon graduation. For these reasons, I believe that having a part-time job is very important for students.

﻿I would have to say that I agree with this statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan, if it is not already been banned by the time I write this. Smoking causes a myriad of problems for health, and some of the common ones are cancer of the mouth and lungs, heart disease, high blood pressure, and difficulty breathing. We have done an in depth study on the human body in a lab class during my pre med school, and it was absolutely terrifying but also incredibly interesting to see just how damaging smoking was to the body's vital systems. The lungs became smaller, less elastic, and full of fluids. The heart became distended, and it could not as effectively push blood throughout the body. The liver began to develop sores as a result of trying to filter out all the harmful chemicals from the blood. It really was almost terrifying to see how much of the body was affected. When you smoke, you are not just hurting your lungs, you are hurting your whole body. So, if these results come to be well published or distributed in some other manner, even though I'm sure the Japanese already know a lot about this kind of thing, it will make a big step towards banning smoking in restaurants a reality.

﻿Working part time in college is very important for many college students, I think. I think this because I have worked part time since I came to college, and it has given me a variety of good things. For example, I have been able to make a little bit of money for the weekends and other times. I can also use this money to help pay for my text books which my parents do not want to pay for. Next, I have been able to become smarter by working at my current part-time job. I have learned how to manage and maintain a computer system through my internship, and this is valuable experience that I could definitely use to help me find a real time job. This is just what I would like to be doing when I graduate, so unlike some students who work their part-time jobs at restaurants or other places, I am definitely not wasting my time. The one bad thing, however, is that as expected, I do sometimes have some problems balancing my school and work life. Really the biggest problem is that you meet new people at work and you can develop a new social circle there as well, and it is hard to have two main activities that you need to be doing (school and work) as well as two social circles which need your attention.

﻿Students to work part-time are doing a great thing for themselves. By working part-time, they can make a little bit of money and still attend classes at the same time. Part-time work should not be so intense that students cannot focus on their studies, and I think that many establishments in college towns are aware of this idea. As a result, it is only the students fault if they take on more works than they can handle. Next, having a part-time job teaches us how to be more responsible and how to work in general. I am always surprised when a new freshman comes to work at our restaurant and has no idea how to work. I wonder if I was ever really like that, but I know I was at one point. The students who have no work experience often learn the fastest and often gain the most from the time they spend at our restaurant, so I think that overall part-time work is a great addition to any student's curriculum. Finally, we have the chance to make many new friends and meet a wide variety of people that we would never have if we were not working part-time.

﻿Part-time work is just not a viable strategy for many college students. Whether or not they have enough time to devote to something else besides studying is up to them, but they can only make such a little amount of money at a part-time job that sometimes I feel like it is not worth it. Despite this, I myself have been forced to take part-time jobs several times throughout my college career, and it is my hope that by graduating I will no longer have to pursue these menial tasks in order to make enough money to eat and live and have a roof over my head. Therefore the most important thing is for students to focus on their studies and graduate on time, not like me who dropped out of school and began to work without a college degree. A bad choice like this can really come back to bite you, so it is worth taking the time to do things right the first time. To avoid a mistake like this, I think that the best strategy would be to simply avoid part-time work if you can then ask your parents for financial help or take advantage of the financial aid program that your school offers so that you can spend as much time as possible on your schoolwork.

﻿I think that smoking should not only be banned all the restaurants in Japan but also in all the restaurants everywhere in the world. Smoking is a leading cause of cancer in people under 50, and smoking causes tar to build up in the lungs. This means that people who smoke cannot perform in athletic activities or have as much energy as people who keep their longs in their bodies healthy. Smoking also takes years away from your lifetime, and I have heard that every cigarette you smoke can shorten your life by as much as 7 minutes. This doesn't seem like a lot, but if you smoke one pack of cigarettes every day, you take nearly 2 hours off your life every day, and if you continue this for a whole year, you will have shortened your life by approximately one month. With these numbers, I think it is easy to see that it is a good choice to quit smoking. By banning smoking in restaurants, and by banning smoking in restaurants in Japan, we can promote the good health of people, and we can teach our children healthier habits and styles of living. For these reasons, I think it is a good idea to ban smoking at restaurants in Japan.

﻿I agree with this opinion. I have three reasons. First, all non smokers are paying customers and have the right to enjoy their meal in a smoke free environment. It is still unfair to non smokers in restaurants offering a smoking section. If the restaurant is small, you can still smell the smoke. Customers would have a hard time to enjoy the flavour and aroma of the food they are trying to eat. Second, servers could enjoy working without the dangerous effects of second hand smoke. Apparently, if a server worked ten years in a smoking environment, the probability of developing cancer is much higher than a smoker. It would be a shame to leave a workplace with a chronic disease while you were only trying to make a living. Third, restaurateurs could enjoy lower insurance premiums due to less liability from no smoking in the establishments. The probability of a fire due to a customer's negligence is eliminated. Therefore, restaurateurs could have more available funds to operate or promote the establishment. This may begin a trend in other establishments such as bars and nightclubs who may also benefit from lowered insurance premiums. Based on the above reasons, I support the opinion. This is fighting for the rights of non smokers and employees of restaurants.

﻿Smoking is a very harmful habit, and as such, they should not allow it to happen at any place is that are public like restaurants. This is to say that I agree with this statement that they should ban smoking at restaurants in Japan. One problem they will face is that many restaurants sell cigarettes and make part of their profit from doing that, so the restaurants may be unwilling to ban smoking because they will be giving up some money. The tobacco companies who have investments in the restaurants will also be similarly unhappy because they do not want to see their profits evaporate. However, I think that human health is much more important than money, and so no matter how much money may be lost by the decision to ban smoking in restaurants, it should be banned as soon as possible. The longer we allow this to continue the harder it will be to eventually get rid of it, and there is no way that it will stay around forever. Why not just take the plunge now and do what we should've done a long time ago throughout the entire world. Japan could be the first country in the world to make a statement by banning smoking at restaurants as a nation, and if they do so, many other nations are likely to follow suit.

﻿I completely agree with the statement that smoking should be banned from all restaurants in the country. The reasons for my opinion are as follows: second hand smoke, distinctiveness of Japanese food and social etiquette. I don't smoke but get very irritated when someone at the next table smokes near me while I'm trying to enjoy my meal in a restaurant. Alot of smokers have the habit of blowing the smoke above other peoples heads thinking that it is okay and that it won't affect us. There is nothing worse than inhaling smoke and breath mixed together. The dangers of secondhand smoke have widely been covered by the media around the world. In fact, in many countries, smoking has been completely banned in restaurants, due to the health risks associated with it. Japan has a lot of food that is well known for its distinctiveness, foods such as sushi, tempura, sukiyaki, okonomiyaki and so on. A lot of these foods have a unique taste and are served with a distinct sauce mainly for that particular dish. After smoking a cigarette and then enjoying a carefully prepared dish, I personally don't think that you would be able to taste the full flavor of the meal. I find smokers also tend to have bad manners when I go out with them socially. While walking to a restaurant or bar, they tend to smoke at the same time, and just before we enter they think it is okay to throw the cigarette on the ground or the closest sewer. Some of them also smoke in front of me without asking if it is okay even while I'm still eating. For the above reasons, I agree 100% with the statement.

﻿I take health and fitness pretty seriously, so whenever a discussion on smoking or other drug usage comes up, I am often quick to say that people should just treat themselves better and not be so stupid. However, in the past years I have seen that there has been a lot of backlash against restaurants in my hometown that have banned smoking, and I don't really think it is fair. Whether or not it was a good move to ban smoking at the restaurants is already in the past now because these restaurants have lost some of their profit by following the state law to ban smoking in restaurants. Before this happened, many people thought that the restaurants would make even more money if they became cleaner, but it is hard to see the good mom and pop restaurants go under just because they are doing as the government tells them to do. I don't know a lot about Japan, but I do know that if they have local communities that are anything like mine, there will be people who are negatively affected by a ban on smoking in restaurants, and it will be very painful for their fellow citizens to watch them struggle as a result of following orders.

﻿Although many college students may find a variety of benefits in part-time work, I think that overall, college student should not have to have a part-time job and it is not that important for them. This is because most students have come to college to pursue their dream to get a college degree. Part-time work usually gets in the way of that, and most of my friends who have part-time jobs are always complaining about how stressed out they feel from work and how they feel that they have no time to do everything they want to do. Also, I very much value my social life, and if I work, I feel that I will only be able to find time to do school and work if I have no life. This is a bad image to have, and I do not want to have it, so I choose not to have a part-time job. If there are other college students like me who feel that there are other things that are more important than working, then it is obvious that it is not that important for college students to have a part-time job. Only the students who need to make money to help pay for their tuition should have a part-time job.

﻿Smoking should not be banned at restaurants anywhere and not at restaurants in Japan either. The fact of the matter is that people have a right to smoke before, during, or after their meal if they should so please, and it is not fair to them to tell them what they can and cannot do. In the same way, it is not fair for the nonsmokers to have to breathe and the smoke from cigarettes while they eat. Obviously, the best solution is to just have both smoking and nonsmoking sections in restaurants. If the architecture is good and the ventilation system works properly, you should not even be able to tell that there is a smoking area in a restaurant. This is good for the restaurants as well because it allows them to attract a larger number of potential clients and therefore they can make more money. That might have to spend some money to establish a nonsmoking section and a restaurant, but it will probably be made back in profits from all the new customers. If smoking is banned in restaurants, the only people who win is nonsmokers, and I don't think that that is fair to the restaurants themselves or the smokers.

﻿I'd like to see that happen. I mean I do agree with the ban, we have had similar bans in the UK for sometime now. What I am thinking is that Japan has one of the largest populations of smokers in the world. Would the Japanese government consider alienating all those potential voters to introduce a smoking ban in restaurants? If they do, more power to them I say. My understanding is that Japan already has some smoking bans in some areas of Tokyo and other cities so I see that they are taking some steps. A restaurant ban is a huge leap though with so many restaurants strung out across Japan so I wonder how they would be able to monitor the ban. Are they going to train a special restaurant smoking squad to travel throughout Japan and keep an eye on the restaurants? It would need to be a large squad to cover that much land mass. Don't get me wrong, anything is possible so I will adopt a wait and see attitude and hope that it does come about. If it does, then full kudos to the Japanese government and all of those who pushed for this to finally take effect.

﻿I disagree with the above statement for several reasons. First, we (thankfully) live not in a communist or fascist nation, but in a democratic one. The underlying pillar of a democracy is the right to choose how to live. This right of choice must extend to restaurants. Ownership should have the right to permit smoking on their premises. Ownership must, however, be clear in letting both their employees and customers know that smoking is permitted. I think signage outside the restaurant should be mandatory, clearly stating the smoking situation. In this manner, both future employees and patrons can exercise their right of choice. If they wish to accept the harm that smoking related illnesses cause, it is indeed their right. Must government regulate all lifestyle choices that harm people? Should Big-Mac sales be regulated, because over indulgence leads to obesity? Should alcohol sales be banned, because over indulgence/reliance leads to innumerable problems? No and No. People have the core right to choose how to live their lives regardless of our agreement. I personally loathe smoking. I find it a foul smelling and disgusting habit. For this reason, I am a big fan of Starbucks, who ban smoking in their stores worldwide.

﻿I agree and I think that a lot of people also agree. It has been successfully argued and proved in the courts that second-hand smoke is just as dangerous to a non-smoker as it is to a smoker. If we already know that and I believe that Japan does too, then this seems to be the next logical step to take in the fight against smoking diseases. It is no longer a case of who is wrong and who is right or who is being victimized and who is not. The jury is in and the verdict is given every single day around the world, as people die and the death rate climbs higher and higher until the pain to those who are left behind becomes too much and finally, we start to see meaningful changes in laws and people. Why is it necessary to go through a disaster so that people are able to wake up and smell the roses? It shouldn't have to be that way but unfortunately, that is the reality of the human race. Bans have been reasonably effective to date and I see no reason why they will not be as effective when applied to Japanese restaurants.

﻿I agree and believe that it should be a mandatory requirement for all students in order to graduate. Many more students are graduating each and every year and they are finding out the hard way about the differences between the more relaxed environment of college as opposed to the harsh reality of the often cruel and unforgiving, workplace. I believe that a lot of students have no idea about the complexities of getting and keeping a job other than what they have read in career brochures or been advised about by some well meaning college counselor. At the very least, they would have some of idea of the most basic responsibilities required from employees by employers and be better prepared to accept those responsibilities in a mature, adult fashion. They need to learn and learn quickly, that if they intend to survive and succeed in their respective new environments, then they had better wake up and smell the coffee before taking a huge nosedive because of some trivial (to them) issue such as completing their assigned daily tasks in a professional and orderly fashion. I have only been in the workforce a short time myself, but I learned very quickly because I had the advantage of having had some previous experience working part-time.

﻿I agree and I believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job while attending college. It is important because the current global economic climate makes it so. Jobs are harder and harder to get and many graduates are struggling to get any kind of job. Having some work experience or on the job training may not guarantee to get them a job, but it will certainly help them if there is a fit between their skill sets and an advertised job. While they are working, they should attempt to get any other skills that can be gleaned from the job as well, just n case. These skills will never go to waste and will more than likely be put to use several times in the student's career. It would be nice to think that the recession will be resolved by the time students graduated and that may or not be the case. It is best to focus on what we can control rather then what we can't. In this way we are focused on honing our own skills rather than worrying about events that we have no control over. Either way it is always good to be prepared for any thing that may eventuate.

﻿Getting a job while in college is important and a good idea, if students need the money. Students do have to be careful though, that it will not get in the way of their studies. Obviously, there are many students who are living off a tight budget and finding it hard to make ends meet. Students need to decide if they are willing to sacrifice time when considering getting a part-time job while still in college. The pros and cons of working while in college are numerous and need to be carefully weighed up before taking the next step. Many students, because of their financial circumstances, have no choice but to get a job. Others however, might find it more suitable to obtain additional financial aid like a college loan that is not required to be repaid until after they graduate and have a job. Working a part-time job will give the student hands on job experience that will come in very handy irrespective of what subject the student is majoring in. Students should also consider what kinds of jobs will meet their needs but not pile more stress on them or overload their already busy schedule. With a little careful thought, students can merge the two so that they do not conflict with each other.

﻿I agree because I think that students should learn about financial responsibility which would empower them to have more control over their own lives. They would also learn about simple household budgeting and keeping their finances in order. They can also learn other skills such as simple workplace dynamics and most importantly, they would also be able to use the part-time job on their resumes to show that they have some sort of real work experiences. Their workloads would increase and they would have to learn to balance their time in such a way that they can keep a happy medium between there job and also not miss out on their study time. These may seem like basic things but many students may not have learned these things at home and might not been taught at their college. A lot of colleges do provide assistance with student guidance counsellors who could also advise the students and at least be able to provide some direction for any problems that students may encounter with their jobs and studies. The students would also come to realise the value of money because not too many part-time jobs that are available to students pay big wages. Since that would defeat the employers purpose of hiring cheap college labours.

﻿I think that it should be banned in all public places in Japan and not just restaurants. For a start, we already know that smoking can cause lung cancer, heart disease and strokes. We also know that second hand smoke can cause disease not to mention that it also affects the elderly, children and pregnant women as well as just being annoying to those that don't smoke. Restaurants should be a place where people can enjoy their food without having to worry about catching diseases or being uncomfortable sitting in the same room as smokers. While it is every person's right to choose to smoke or not, surely smokers can go without a cigarette for an hour or so while eating out. We know that not smoking doesn't offend others or threaten lives whereas smoking does. So in fact, there really shouldn't be any debate about it at all. If smokers don't care about their own well being than the Japanese Government should at least show some concern about the welfare of its' non smoking population and put safeguards, also read as laws, in place to protect them. That way, it also sends a positive message to children and reinforces the dangers of smoking. If people want to smoke, then let them smoke in areas that will not adversely affect the innocents who don't smoke.

﻿In my view, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan. First, the smell of cigarette smoke often leads to an unpleasant eating environment, particularly for non-smoking patrons or restaurant staff. In my case, if I smell even a whiff of cigarette smoke, my eyes suddenly water and I often begin to sneeze uncontrollably. Others have a similar reaction. Second, cigarettes are a clear fire hazard. Indeed, many buildings have been set completely ablaze simply due to a lone unextinguished cigarette. Moreover, it's the case that many customers consume alcohol. With impaired judgment, inebriated customers cannot be trusted to put out their cigarettes completely. It's also true that restaurants in Japan often occupy only one floor of a larger structure. Should a fire break out in the restaurant, the entire building and its tenants, through no fault of their own, will be put in harm's way. Third, it has widely been proven that secondhand smoke is a major health hazard, particularly for children and newborns, whose lungs have not yet fully developed. The consistent exposure to secondhand smoke may lead to respiratory illness or even lung cancer. Finally, if all restaurants in Japan banned smoking, it would greatly encourage longtime smokers to finally quit. This would promote the health and well-being of millions of people, both smokers and non-smokers alike. For these four reasons, it is clear that smoking ought to be prohibited in all Japanese restaurants.

﻿I believe that a college student should not be burdened with the responsibility of fiscal independence, and that none should assume that he should hold a part-time job during the course of his studies. I have three reasons to support my claim. Firstly, college is an essential part of the academically minded individual's growth and development. A high-school student generally focuses his academic attention of mastering basic skills, the foremost of which is learning how to think. In college, however, he begins to explore concepts in much greater detail and depth, engaging in activities of critical thought and analysis. Balancing the mundane realities of holding a part-time job will simply distract this level of focus, and hamstring the overall efficacy of his college experience. Secondly, College is an important time in the social and sexual growth an individual, and his time not spent studying is best taken up with developing himself in these ways in order to become a stable, confident and contributing member of society in later years. Finally, part-time work generally pays very little, so the actual financial gain from such work is almost negligible. His time is much better spent in academic and social activities in order to prepare him for his future social responsibilities. Besides, there will be plenty of time after college is finished to learn how to hold down a job and manage his finances.

﻿I don't feel that it is that important and only creates hardship for students when they are supposed to be learning as much as they can to graduate with high scores. I was lucky because I didn't need the extra financial support since my parents were kind enough to pay for everything. This allowed me more time to study and also gave me relaxation time as well. I saw many students who were always stressed and rushing around to get to the next class or start their job on time. It was a real hassle for them and a few of them dropped out because they could not cut it. A few of them said that they would return in the Fall or the next year, but that didn't happen and I never saw them again. I am not trying to sound like a hard ass here, but they were never going to finish college anyway I think. A couple of my friends worked and studied and they seemed to have their heads together and did OK. But I believe that they were the exception and not the rule. With all of the study that I had to do, I don't know how I would have been able to work and get the high scores that I did as well. Maybe that's just not me and as I mentioned, it's not something that everybody can do. Students would do so much better if they didn't have to worry about money as well.

﻿All college students should have a part-time job. There are many excellent reasons to join the work force while still attending school. For some students, the extra money will assist them in obtaining needed books and materials for study. Others will benefit from the discipline and time-management skills gained in balancing a study schedule with a semi-regular work regimen. Students who spend time away from the oppressive, thought-controlling atmosphere of most large universities will meet people accustomed to living and thinking in freedom. It can come as a welcome shock to the cloistered student to learn such a fascinating world exists, where the recommended norms of contemporary university thought patterns not only do not apply, they are mocked as absurd. As well, occupying oneself with an outside activity such as work restricts the amount of time available to fall in with bad company or develop social habits deleterious to academic achievement. Said activities include extended periods of video game playing during school hours, lounging on one's sofa watching daytime television, indulging in repeated bouts of binge drinking with equally dissolute friends, and an obsessive devotion to online fleshpots promising sexual release in exchange for money. The individual whose day is split between class and workplace has no opportunity to sample temptation. It therefore behooves all students to arrange for part-time employment as soon as possible. The alternative does not bear mentioning.

﻿I disagree with this position. First of all, I disagree on the grounds that there is no clear reason to pick on smokers. We smokers do not live in denial of scientific facts, we readily accept that smoking is not a healthy habit (it causes all sorts of lung and respiratory ailments). We are constantly reminded at work and at home that we should quit, preventing us from smoking with our afternoon coffee seems simply petty. I say this as I watch the person at the table next to me (on the other side of the glass wall now used to segregate the smokers) gulp down a massive steak dinner along with a few beers I guess I'd feel better if government went after overeating and overdrinking with the same enthusiasm as they seem to exhibit when persecuting smokers! An finally, I'm certainly not happy with the idea that smoking is bad for everybody (non-smokers included). I own a gun and like to go hunting, I'm very careful about not harming anyone in the process. I behave the same way when it comes to smoking: I make sure that my smoke does not bother anyone If only other smokers were the same way, this would not be such a problem!

﻿I agree with this statement. Especially for those students who do not have to pay for their education or day to day living expenses. In my experience, I find that these students in particular, have the lowest rate of successfully gaining employment within the first three months of entering the job market. I believe that this has a lot to do with the attitude that they project during initial job interviews. The feedback that I have received, suggests that it appears that they have put little effort into their resumes, presentation skills and tend to come across with a persona akin to "Give me the job. I deserve it because I am here. " I am certainly not suggesting that this applies to all students that fall into this category. However, my limited research has shown that students who have held part-time positions while studying, seem to work harder and are more proactive in their job seeking efforts. The fact that they appear to be more successful in finding work sooner, does suggest that further research is needed to pinpoint the differences between both categories of students. For my part, I will continue to recommend to all my students to seek part-time employment because I believe that they gain additional skills and also seem to have more of a sense of pride in what they do.

﻿In my view, it's not important for college students to have a part-time for three main reasons. First, part-time work is a distraction which robs precious hours away from students who ought to be spending their time pursuing academic success. Students who regularly work part-time clearly have fewer hours in the day to devote to reading, studying, doing research or homework. As a result, their learning and grades stand to suffer. Second, much part-time work undoubtedly takes place in the evening when students have the most free time. Consequently, there is a real risk that learners will not get the optimal amount of sleep. They may feel exhausted and unalert during their classes and lose the ability to sustain interest or concentration. Most importantly, their health is at risk. As their immune systems may weaken due to insufficient sleep, it's reasonable to believe that they will have greater chance of becoming ill. They may have to miss vital class days which could imperil their academic standing. Third, students who choose to work part-time may be seduced by the prospect of making money. They may begin to adopt the view that work and earning money is more important than an acquiring a formal education. As such, they may endeavor to work more hours or, worse, ultimately decide to drop out of school to focus purely on their jobs. For these three reasons, it is my belief that part-time work is not essential for college students.

﻿Part-time employment can be a valuable way for students to gain new perspectives on the world which they may not have considered before. For example, some of my students find internships at foreign companies which have established branches in the US. When my students work with people from another culture and country, they often come to me with new insights and new business ideas which they had never even considered before. A few of the business ideas are so unique that even I have not considered them before. This obvious benefit can help students by allowing them to gain the ability to think in a broader manner and to have a more global perspective on the world. In the increasingly global world in which we live, this kind of perspective can be very valuable and can help the students to procure high paying and prestigious positions at large corporations where they can enjoy many years of stable work and excellent benefits. As a final note, many of my students report that the money they can gain from a part-time job, while small, is an excellent incentive and taste of what they have to expect in the future when they start fulltime work. I am happy that they can have an opportunity like that to become more motivated to try hard in their classes.

﻿I don't think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I mean really, students have enough to do already with humongous amounts of study anyway. It only makes life more difficult if they have to work too. I know it was much harder for me and I am still paying back the college loans that I took out. Some friends of mine believe that it gives them some experience and I can see their point and suggest that work experience during the college vacations would be OK. I think what is more important than having a part time job is getting a good average and doing well with studies. Most companies don't care if prospective recruits worked at Macdonald s while they were studying or were pulling night shifts at the local food mall. Doing extra work only means that students have less time to study and puts extra pressure on them to perform. Time enough for work when they finish college I think and although I think that it may be necessary for some, like it was with me because I needed the extra cash to pay my way, it is still an extra workload to cope with. They will have plenty of time to build character and get more work experience after college I think.

﻿I disagree that smoking should be banned in restaurants. Firstly, a restaurant is a public place. People go there at their own choosing. It is not fair to ban smoking in restaurants while continuing to allow it in bars or nightclubs, concert halls or train stations. Secondly, many restaurants are already catering to the needs of both smokers and non-smokers. There are separate smoking sections provided, or partitioned seating, and companies have spent large sums of money on ventilation systems to remove the smoke. Restaurant owners are voluntarily doing this to satisfy both groups of customers. It is not necessary for the government to be creating more laws or restricting people's recreational activities. Secondly, banning smoking is bad for business. Many restaurant managers and owners are already struggling to stay in business due to the current economic crisis. They feel that banning smoking will scare away valuable customers, and that it will be difficult to survive. Additionally, some do not have the space to partition separate seating, or the money to invest in expensive ventilation equipment. Thirdly, there are thousands of restaurants in every large city in Japan, catering to all tastes and varieties of cuisine. People are more than capable of selecting a restaurant that either welcomes smokers, or alternatively provides a non-smoking environment. It is a basic right to be able to smoke if one chooses, and for these reasons I do not agree with a blanket ban on smoking in restaurants.

﻿Even though this idea may not pertain to Japanese college students as much as it does for students in the U. S. I will voice my opinion anyway. In most U. S. universities once a student is admitted to that particular school that is when the difficulties begin. Conversely speaking, entering most Japanese universities much of the challenges exists prior to entering any particular school. With that said, my opinion is purely based on my knowledge of attending school in the United States. For many students taking a full-time class schedule is in itself quite time consuming. However, the time spent in classes in addition to the time commuting to and from all the classes is merely the beginning of the day. For many students, probably the majority of students the real schedule begins once they get home. The real challenge is having ample time to fulfill even the obligatory things one has to accomplish in order to sustain a healthy existence. Yes, we spend time going to and from school, as we spend time actually in class, but there is also so much time spent doing homework that it is sometimes difficult to find time to get proper rest, or time to eat properly because so much time is required to fulfill our class assignments. For these reasons I am opposed to the idea of students taking on additional responsibilities. If too much is taken-on then everything we do may be compromised and not properly completed. I believe we should only take on what we can actually complete with excellence in mind rather than merely finishing for finishing sake.

﻿I agree because it is more important to safeguard Japanese people's health rather than to protect businesses. Without a doubt, smoking causes many health problems which have proven to be the case time and again. Restaurants should adapt to a ban without protest, because in the long run, they will be better off. For example, after a ban was implemented in New South Wales, Australia, only a small percentage of restaurants reported a decrease in trade. In locations where the bans have been introduced, there have been very few problems encountered. Hefty penalties put many businesses off the idea of allowing people to smoke and gradually, it has come to be accepted as'the norm'. The difficulties in implementing similar bans in Japan would include, but not be limited to, the policing of a restaurant ban. It would be extremely difficult to monitor all small restaurants tucked away in the back streets of many small suburbs. Therefore, the government would be relying mostly on the honour system where the onus would be upon the restaurant owner to enforce such a ban. While it may be possible for the police or some type of smoke inspector to make sporadic spot checks, it is doubtful that they would be able to cover every area on a regular basis.

﻿I disagree. There is so much to learn and take in that I think that it is extremely difficult to try to work and study at the same time, without creating a negative impact on one or the other. It was for me anyway and I ended up having to play catch up with my studies nine times out of ten which also put me in the position of nearly failing my degree. When I packed my job in, it felt like a load of bricks had been lifted off my shoulders and after that, I breezed through my degree with less stress, less headaches and I even got to sleep more and go out a lot more often then I had before. I would say that if students are having money problems, then I guess they just have to work, but it's not something that I would recommend to anyone, not if they want to do well, pass their degree and keep their sanity in tact. Everybody needs to decide for themselves I guess because it really depends on what's more important to them and also whatever they need to do to pass, then they just have to get stuck in and do it.

﻿It shouldn't be banned, but it should be controlled. Banning smoking in all restaurants in Japan would be over-regulating in my opinion. Governments already have too much control over what citizens do all around the world. You have to draw the line somewhere or all democracies will deteriorate into communist states which would be detrimental to all. Let business owners and private citizens decide as far as the restaurants go and allow the people to have some free will and a say in how they run their lives and businesses. Most of the restaurants that I have been in do smell a bit smoky because of crappy ventilation. If they could divide the customers into different, partitioned sections with good extraction fans, I think that would be enough for most non smokers. I am not a smoker and as much as I don't like the smell, I don't believe that I should be enforcing my will on to everybody else and no government should either. I think that they would be really stepping over the line if they want to discriminate in the so called interests of everyone's health. Keep it fair for all I say and just have a bunch of good extraction fans.

﻿Part-time employment is a valuable investment of time for a student only if he or she can manage the extra demands it will place on their weekly schedules. As an instructor, it is my job to design challenging and thought provoking classroom and homework assignments, and if students cannot devote their attention to these fully due to the distracting influence of a part-time job, they should not waste their time on pursuits which do nothing to help them progress towards graduation. Certainly, part-time work can be a valuable way to gain experience and develop responsibility, but in most cases, these kinds of things should be reserved for summer break when students do not have to worry about classes. Furthermore, most schools and governments are very generous in their provision of scholarships, grants, and affordable loans. Students can take advantage of these to fund their tuition and personal expenses until they graduate. If they have done a good job in college, they can find a good job and pay off any debts they may have accrued in a quick and efficient manner. For these and many other reasons, I feel that students should not be so worried about finding part-time employment and giving themselves an excuse to feel stressed out.

﻿I disagree with this opinion. Our freedom of choice is really what's at the basis of this argument. Are we really a free society where each individual is guaranteed the right to choose where he or she will dine or smoke? Or, must government come down to the level of infringing upon our rights and make the choice for us? Are we adults here or not? The point is that if government decides that it must interfere with our liberties to the point of deciding upon which restaurants can operate and which cannot based solely on whether smoking is banned or not, then where is the stopping place for government interference? Will they next be telling us which wash room to use, or which house to purchase? Where does the infringement on individual liberties and government intervention cease? The point is if people know full well that smoking is going on in a restaurant they would like to eat in then let them complain to the owner(s) and let the owner decide if he wants to ban smoking at his/her establishment or not. True capitalism and liberties will regulate themselves without government interference. If a business owner is losing more customers because he allows smoking then let him change his policy, and if customers don't like being in smoke filled restaurants then let them go elsewhere. This is what true freedom is all about; allowing for personal choices on all levels of society.

﻿I agree with this opinion. College students are generally fresh out of high school and in most cases have had no direct experience in the work force. Taking a part-time job will give them the opportunity to learn important responsibilities for life, things that they would not be able to learn in their schools or at home from their family. Such skills as keeping to a firm work schedule, managing their finances as well as working for superiors are all good life-skill enhancements. Searching for a job is also a valuable skill that will benefit them for life. Such things as filling out a resume, going to a job interview, experiencing the joys of finding a job as well as the pain of being rejected are all useful and beneficial lessons. Another important factor to consider is learning to work in cooperation with others. Having to take a low and humble position until you've put in your time is an experience all workers must go through and getting it early in life will only serve to make one stronger. In addition, the added income will perhaps help relieve their parents of the very high expense of funding their college education. It's good for everyone involved.

﻿I totally agree with this opinion. Recent studies have shown that second-hand smoke is a major contributor to lung cancer and other diseases associated with tobacco and the cancerous carcinogens produced from its burning. Restaurants, though privately owned, are opened to the general public. In the case of allowing smokers to freely smoke and fill the air that is commonly breathed by all customers, smokers and non-smokers alike, restaurant owners are exposing the innocent to hazardous and life-threatening conditions. It is not sufficient to merely partition off areas for smokers when the air can freely pass throughout the establishment. In addition to exposing non-smokers to the hazards of cancer causing carcinogens restaurant owners are also bringing the foul smell of smoke filled air onto the clothing and bodies of non-smoking customers. Non-smoking customers will be forced to pay cleaning costs to rid their clothing of these foul smells. Furthermore, it has been proved that nicotine contained in tobacco has addictive properties. I suppose a case could be made that restaurants which allow smoke filled air to mingle with non-smoking customers could be accused of contributing to the non-voluntary addiction to nicotine of their non-smoking cliental. Finally, there is the issue of health costs. With the national government (Japan) bearing the largest burden of health care, allowing restaurants to continue a free smoking policy will only place a larger financial burden on all citizens, i. e. increased taxes to cover these costs. With these potential complaints and even law-suits, not to mention the financial burden associated with increased health care costs, it seems in the best interest of all to totally ban smoking in all restaurants.

﻿In my view, smoking cigarettes should be banned in public places including all restaurants because it has a lethal affect on all those that it come in contact with. We now know that smoking is also hazardous to non-smokers who become passive smokers when they inhale any smoke from a smoker in the nearby vicinity. Many countries have already implemented numerous bans on smoking in certain public spaces as has Japan. I believe that Japan should take the next step and also extend the ban to include restaurants because restaurants are well frequented and a lot of lives are unnecessarily placed at risk when they allow smoking. I would also like to point out glaring contradictions that I have seen in several countries with regards to smoking. I have seen parents who smoke, but who will never smoke near their children however they are quite happy to go off to their local public space and smoke to their heart's content. Of course, not smoking around children, their own or others, is a fine thing, but why not extend their thinking a little further and think about the rest of the community. Surely this will lead to confusing the children as to what is the morally appropriate form of conduct, at home or in public.

﻿I don't agree because I think that this is more to do with being a private, informal arrangement between restaurant owners and people who patronise their restaurants. The owners either allow smoking on the premises or they do not. If patrons find a smoking restaurant offensive then it is a simple decision not to go to smoking restaurants. I am not sure if the Japanese Government has a say in this side of things under Japanese law and I am not a lawyer. Like most governments though, I suppose that they could either re-write or override and laws really since they are the government. I don't smoke but I have friends that do and they are usually quite considerate about where they blow their smoke. Not that I am making excuses and I neither condemn them or condone their smoking because it is their lives after all and provided they do not infringe on mine or anyone else's health than I guess that they are free to do as they like. So long as they are obeying the local laws of the land wherever they may happen to reside than I think that it is a case of live and let live.

﻿It shouldn't just be banned in restaurants, Japan and every country in the world should ban smoking everywhere forever. I can't understand what people or governments must be thinking sometimes because cigarettes contain poison and when the are lit up, the fumes contain poison which is just being freely released into the air that I and everybody else has to breathe. There was a big court case in Canada a few years ago about a factory that was releasing poisonous gas into the air through one of their chimney stacks. It took three years and a lot of money before the courts decided to shut them down. Three years during which time, they were still doing the same thing, releasing toxins into the air. Smokers can do it and get away with it freely and easily and yet, what's the difference? It is all poison and it is killing us and those we love every year with nothing really being done about it except to introduce a few bans here and there. What a waste of time that is because if they cannot light up in a restaurant or library, then they just go outside and do it anyway. If governments and Japan too, really care about the environment and the people, then prohibit its use everywhere, just like drugs and let the smokers go through the pain of kicking their habits. Might help to teach them a lesson.

﻿Let's ask ourselves, what is the ultimate purpose:To make money? or to improve our academic skills? I believe that the college student must concentrate on their studies. For this reason I am against anybody working during their college days. This is a very short 4 years in which the student can make great advances in their specialized field of research. There will be plenty of time after graduation to work but there will never be such an opportunity to make such an in depth study free from mundane worries. The problem with working while going to school is that they will become distracted, tired and eventually lose their concentration, finally their studies will falter. It is too much to worry about in addition to their schoolwork. They will have long hours, late nights, standing all day with the burden of responsibilities which can wait until after college. I understand that young students are in a hurry to grow up, I feel it's our social responsibility to make sure they take the time to enjoy life too. They may even be pressured into after hour meetings where drinking is involved. For these reasons I am completely against the college student taking on too much during these precious years and running the risk of becoming overwhelmed. This is where they should be concentrating on their studies.

﻿I disagree because college is a lot more difficult than people realize and to graduate is even more difficult than it was just a few short years ago. If students are working in part-time jobs because they need to survive or pay college fees, then that's understandable. If there is no need to pay, then I would say don't work because college is hard enough as it is without adding impossible schedules, heavy workloads or other obligations that only serve to suck up more and more of your time and give you a bucketful of stress. So many of my buddies have held down jobs while attending college and all of them have their own little horror stories to tell. College is a big enough undertaking on its own these days and the pressure to graduate is always on. Leave well enough alone I think and just keep concentrating on your college stuff without adding to it. It's not compulsory unless as I said, you need the money or it might be a short internship which is a different story because you usually do those during your vacation times and they are not some extra curricular activity that sucks up your time and patience.

﻿It is somewhat surprising to me that smoking has not already been banned at restaurants in Japan given how forward-thinking the image of that country is. Smoking cigarettes is a kind of old fashioned habit which lingers because the tobacco industry is quite large and makes a large amount of revenue. Furthermore, the government makes a large amount of money from putting taxes on cigarettes, and as a result, I do not see a good solution to this problem. Large corporations seem to be singularly skilled in keeping their profits high no matter what the costs upon the health or life styles of the people who use their products. Japanese corporations may be even more guilty of this than American corporations, and so it would seem that banning smoking at restaurants in Japan would be more difficult than it was for some states that the United States. Smoking also seems to bear more cultural importance in Japan than it does in the US, and so although I think personally that banning smoking at restaurants in Japan would be a good idea, I do not think that we will see a solution on this issue any time in the near future.

﻿Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. We must respect and take care not to bother others in order to live peacefully in this society. This is the basis for my argument for the total and complete prohibition of smoking in any public space. How can one go out and expect to enjoy oneself if he is subjected to various disturbances? Imagine that you are watching a movie at a cinema and the people in front of you start commenting on everything that happens. Would this not ruin the effect of the movie? Next, you are on a long flight and the child sitting behind you starts kicking your chair? So, how can anyone enjoy the taste of the delicious food on their lips when it is overwhelmed by the rancid taste of tobacco? You cannot have a smoking section at a restaurant, because that is like having a peeing section in a swimming pool. Smokers are decreasing as new concrete data is coming out which clearly shows the connection between cigarette smoking and various ailments. For this reason, it is my belief that this dying breed should respect all non-smokers and not subject us to the dangerous consequences of being around cigarette smoke.

﻿From a logical standpoint, it would seem that having a part-time job in college would be a great way for students to become more responsible and expand their experiences. However, I often feel that my students are placed into a situation of too much stress and I can see very directly the link between sliding grades and part-time employment. In the worst cases, students will come to me sometimes in a state of tears crying that they do not have enough time to do all the work I assign. However, this makes me wonder what their motivation for coming to college was in the first place, as my classes and the classes of many other professors were designed very carefully to challenge students and to help them learn, and the fact that part-time work is an important enough pursuit to get in the way of this does not reflect well upon the institution of academia in general. However, I find that some work study positions especially in the library are particularly conducive to maintaining a good balance between work and study time as students are allowed to do some small amount of schoolwork while they are on duty. I hope that the times will one day change so that students can focus more of their time on completing schoolwork to a high degree of quality.

﻿I believe that having a part-time job is important in the UK right now and I would dare to say, equally important in other regions of the globe. The world as we know it is undergoing great trials and tribulations financially at this time, with no quick end in sight. I would strongly urge all students to have some type of part-time work even if it's just doing a few gardening jobs, three or four times per week, to earn a few pounds. Printing money is not a viable solution because the market can only take so much before it becomes valueless. This is a time for creativity and providing service or fair exchange for money. If all of the students attending universities and colleges were to work a few hours every week, this would do wonders, not only for their local economy but also for their self esteem. Additionally, for those who's parents are funding their education, it would provide some financial relief for them and also forge stronger family bonds and earned respect for taking a proactive role in their lives rather than taking the low road, like some do, by just continuing to ask for and expecting, never ending handouts without a thought for what some parents might need to sacrifice in order to fund them.

﻿I disagree with this opinion and feel that holding a part-time job during one's college days will negatively impact long term goals. In today's world obtaining a college education has become much more competitive than in times past. In our father's and grandfather's generations a man could have less than a high school education and still find sufficient work to supply a modest income supporting a family of five, purchase a home, and allow his wife the freedom of staying home and carrying for his children. Those days are long past and with the entrance of more women into the work-force coupled with the ever increasing costs of living it has become near impossible to adequately support a small family without obtaining a minimum of a four-year degree. Should a young man or woman have to spend time during their college days holding down a part-time job this will only distract from their efforts of fully dedicating themselves to study. Achieving high marks in their courses should be the primary goal during this critical period of their education. Therefore, time devoted purely to study should be safe-guarded to the maximum and not diluted with worries or schedules associated with having to obtain and hold-down a part-time job.

﻿I disagree because it really would depend on what the part-time job was, whether the students needed the cash or whether the job was going to contribute in some meaningful way to the students' studies. This factors would then more accurately reflect the facts and whether or not it was important for students to have a part-time job while they were at college or not. If students had to have a job to just to live or pay college tuition, then it would be important for them. If the part-time job was industry specific and aligned with students' career choice, then it would be important for them. If however having a part-time job was simply to fulfil some misguided notions that students need it to build character, learn basic work skills, like money handling, time management and the like, then no! I don't believe that it is important for them because they could easily learn those skills during the course of their degree without needing to get a job to get them. For example, a simple search of the Internet will reveal hundreds of time management courses that are available for free. For that matter, the college library would more than like have this information on hand.

﻿I agree that it is important but for some students, it might not be in their best interest to wok while they are trying to study. Perhaps in their case, they may be finding it too challenging to work and their studies are suffering because of it. In this situation and if money is not the only motivating factor, they may be able to stop working at their part-time jobs and get caught up or in control of their study time again. Quite frankly though, I genuinely believe that nearly all students would gain more value from college by leaving all the outside influences behind and just direct their efforts towards college only activities and studies. It is unrealistic to insist that these kinds of students need to work or that it is important for them, because clearly it would be unsuitable in their case and would be causing them hardships that could quite possibly be avoided. While there are a few benefits that could be gained from working part-time as in the previous case scenario, the negatives I that case would outweigh any positive gains and therefore, would not always be appropriate or important for them. Which is not to say that it wouldn't always be good for others.

﻿I disagree with this statement for a few reasons. There are currently a high percentage of people in the country who smoke and they are being ostracized from their patrons. Smoking on the street is starting to be outlawed in many cities and the number of places where a person may smoke is slowly decreasing. If a person cannot smoke in a restaurant, there will become very few places for them to do so. Ultimately, smokers will be left with nowhere to smoke but their own homes, and I do not need to mention the impact this will have on the millions of children whose parents smoke. There is no reason why restaurants cannot continue the trend of separating smokers from non-smokers with sections and partitions. This technique is very effective and satisfies both parties of smokers and non-smokers to the extent whereby non-smokers can only complain about the looming clouds of smoke in the glass box next to them which is pedantic to say the least. Of course, there are still restaurants where this set-up is non-existent, and this is undoubtedly a cause for grievance among non-smokers and smokers who prefer a clean environment while eating. The solution is to enforce mandatory segregation for smokers and to ensure that there is adequate ventilation to expel the smoke. This is a solution that I have already stated works and is a win-win situation for both groups. There is no need for a complete ban on smoking in restaurants when there are other alternatives.

﻿Freedom is a basic right of the individual in any civilized society. That is why I implore you to allow smoking in any and all restaurants. If they were to take away our first right after birth, to breath, then what next? Already the society is too controlled. We cannot even talk on our cell phones on the train! I find this very strange as people are talking all around me. Why can't I speak with my friend miles away? We must wear seatbelts. I know this is for our own safety. And yet, how much control does the society need to place on its citizens before it stops making rules to protect us? Be in bed by 10 pm. Never walk around with chopsticks in your mouth. Cut your lawn back so that nobody strips over it And on and on. there is no end and we are headed towards a communist system. As you can see if is a question of freedom. Just as patrons have the choice to eat out or not. Also, the restaurant owner has the freedom to install fans with filters. If you cannot handle the noise and smoke then maybe you have the freedom to stay home.

﻿Nobody forces smokers to smoke and nobody forces non smokers not to smoke, It is a personal choice for both as is which restaurant they will got to, smoking or non-smoking. The non-smoker must take some responsibility for going to a smoking restaurant in the first place. Even so, everybody should be able to go to a restaurant without having to eat dinner with a face full of smoke that may at some stage, kill them if they do it for long enough. In order to create a safe environment for all, the Japanese government needs to introduce and police smoking bans in restaurants throughout Japan. Since there can be no question that nicotine and the other chemicals are deadly to humans, then the only intelligent thing to do is remove the cigarettes from the equation which means that a smoking ban must be implemented and all smokers should undergo education seminars which give graphic displays of dead smoking victims. It is hoped that the shock value of reviewing these graphic displays would motivate the smokers to stop smoking. This has had limited success in other countries but if it helps encourage one person to stop smoking then one day, there may never be a need for smoking bans.

﻿I disagree because I truly believe that it is not important at all. How can students be expected to perform at their best when they are tired, distracted or haven't spent enough time studying their course content. And that's just one argument against working. The other is that students are at college to study and give their best efforts in order to get the highest scores that they can so that they can stand a better chance of landing a really good job. If they have to worry about working as well, it is impossible to focus the majority of their efforts on doing what they are supposed to be doing which is studying to pass their degree and graduate. Added to that the issue of stress and unnecessary extra pressure that they have to go through in order to reach their goal, only worsens the situation. I know because I had a part-time job and it was a real nightmare for me. I don't quite know how I did it, but I made it all the way through college and graduated. If I had to do it all again though, I would be beg, borrow or steal the money so that I didn't have to work. Yeah, I made it, but at what cost to my physical and mental health? Time will tell I guess.

﻿I don't feel that it should be banned in all restaurants in Japan. Where would the smokers go? I don't smoke myself but some of my friends do and it would be pretty tough for them to sit at a restaurant for a couple of hours without having a cigarette. I don't like being in smoke filled rooms so when I go out with them, we always try to pick a diner or restaurant that has plenty of space and good fans. I do know about the dangers of smoking and also breathing in second-hand hand smoke, but I think that it is OK if there is plenty of ventilation. Legally, I don't know if Japan can do that anyway or if they would want to because there are so many smokers in Japan who would probably complain and do a protest march on their local city office. Business owners can make their own choice on whether they want to ban it or not and their customers can decide if they want to go to a smoking restaurant or not. I think that we have to be careful about letting our governments have to much control over everything that we do. I am not a conspiracy theory believer but I wouldn't feel comfortable and would probably think that I was in the military being ordered around if governments decide everything for us in our personal lives as well.

﻿I don't agree because while there has been much evidence put forward by both sides regarding the dangers of passive smoking (inhaling secondary smoke from a smoker), it has been suggested by several medical studies that the evidence is inconclusive in relation to the potential harm caused by passive smoking. I am a non-smoker and I do prefer to enjoy smoke free dinners when I eat out myself. The question here is, whether any democratic government can just ban anything on a whim or based on questionable evidence. Admittedly, it may eventually be proved conclusively that passive smoking kills. If that is eventually the case, then I would support a ban wholeheartedly. For now, I still keep coming back to my reference to democracy and imposing on citizen's civil liberties. In some countries, especially in the USA, many bans are already in effect in some cities and it only takes a short drive downtown through any popular nightspot where there are restaurants, bars and clubs, to see hordes of people outside braving inclement weather to puff away even in the early hours of the morning. So, while I understand that governments can make and change laws all the time, would this be democratic and legal in Japan?

﻿I disagree because with all the content and information that students have to take in over a three to four year period, I don't believe it is possible to function at high levels while still working at a job. There have been many cases of students working and graduating I know. However, it is one thing to graduate and what interests me more than anything is how high their scores were. Clearly this is the soul purpose of attending college and therefore, distractions such as having to work at a job are only going to detract from overall performance in my opinion. I am fully conversant with the arguments for and against having a part-time job however, for the reasons mentioned above I stand by my belief that it is not important to have a part-time job while at college. It is far more important to remember the reason students enrol in college which is to learn as much as they can, score as high as they can and graduate. I should also point out that there have been many college drop-outs who were unable to effectively manage having a job and attending college full-time as well. This would seem to support my belief.

﻿I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants throughout Japan. I have three reasons to support my position. Firstly, regarding the health of customers, more and more compelling evidence suggests that the ingestion of second-hand smoke is a direct cause of various lung disorders, predominant of which is lung cancer. Any steps that can be taken to reduce this risk should be taken by any civilized nation. Japan is by and large a socialist nation, where the good of the many is the concern of the individual; sickness and lack of public health simply undermines the health of the body-politic, which is illogical and self-defeating. Secondly, regarding the health of restaurant staff, second-hand smoke creates an unhealthy working environment. I believe that every individual has the right to work in a safe and healthy work-place. Banning smoking will remove the dangers inherent to second-hand smoke from negatively effecting employees. Finally, there is the issue of social acceptance of smoking, or rather lack thereof. A restaurant, or restaurant chain, that bans smoking on its premises sends out a message to society in general: that smoking is unacceptable in the presence of non-smokers, of whom there are more and more in the light of recent shifts in medical awareness and social health. Therefore, for these reasons, smoking should be banned in all restaurants.

﻿About time I say. If smokers aren't prepared to consider the health of those around them regardless of their own health, then the Japanese Government needs to put their foot down and declare a nation wide restaurant ban on smoking. Fair is fair after all and if smokers want to smoke then that's fine but this business about being free to blow their smoke wherever and whenever they like, has got to stop. It's bad enough that smokers congregate around entrances to buildings and train stations puffing their smoke for all to inhale, without having to put up with it when eating out. It has been proven that smoking is the number one preventable cause of death in the world and still, smokers don't seem to care. So why should innocent people have to be put at risk because of smoker's apathy? Governments are in place to serve the people and Japan is no exception and I feel that Japan is obligated to provide adequate legislation to ensure that the innocent people are not put at risk unnecessarily. If left to their own devices, restaurant owners will just side with whomever the most money comes from and do not always have the best interests of their clients at heart.

﻿I couldn't agree more! I look around me today and I am really quite shocked at how easy college students have it. Most people now in college have never really wanted for anything and are used to everything being done for them. They all seem to have perfected one skill in particular: going to their parents and begging for, if not outright demanding, that they shell out outrageous amounts of cash for whatever it is that these spoiled students want to spend it on. There's really nothing wrong with going on ski trips, traveling to see the world and enjoying your hobbies as a student. If anything, I wish I could of done these things in my student days. My point is that you're far less likely to appreciate these things for their real value if you didn't have to earn money to pay your own way first, and second, you'll also probably not be able to appreciate the efforts of those who are earning those dollars, namely your parents. By the time students are old enough to go to college, it's my opinion that they're also old enough to understand the value of money, and consequently, learn to respect work and the work of others though getting their own part-time job.

﻿I agree with this statement for several reasons. Smoking has been proven many times to have a large impact on the health of people, including smokers themselves and those around them. It is absurd to allow people to inflict damage in the form of passive smoking upon others who choose not to smoke. Each year there are numerous cases of health problems caused by second hand smoke which impacts the economy due to increased health expenditure from the government. It is therefore necessary to take steps to reduce these issues as much as possible, and banning smoking in all restaurants is a step to achieving that. Enclosed spaces facilitate the spread of smoke and of course restaurants are enclosed spaces yet it is not just restaurants where it should be banned ? all indoor public places should be no-smoking areas much like several countries in Europe and parts of America. Focusing on restaurants, it is not only the health aspect we should consider. There is also the issue of hygiene and pollution. Smoking is a dirty habit. The ash spreads easily, potentially contaminating food at worst, or being a mild nuisance at best. The smoke itself has an unfavorable odor for non-smokers and smokers alike. The smell of tobacco while eating can be enough to ruin the appetite of a 40-a-day chain-smoker let alone a non-smoker. It is therefore in the best interests of restaurant owners to encourage the image of cleanliness in their establishments by banning smoking.

﻿I don't agree because I don't believe that it should turn into some sort of crime to smoke in restaurants. After all, it is a private arrangement between the customers and the owners and why should smokers be made to feel like criminals or lepers? Smokers have been banned from many places all over the world already and why? Is it to appease all the non-smokers in this world? If the non-smokers had their way all of the smokers would be whipped and burned at the stake. So why are smokers being forced out of public places when there are far more efficient ways of neutralizing or eliminating smoke fumes? For example, there are several machines available that have been scientifically proved to eliminate nearly one hundred percent of the toxins found in cigarettes. Why are these so easily bypassed when some non-smoking group gets a bee in their bonnets and wants legislation drawn up to ban smoking in restaurants and many other public places. I say that all the smokers of world should band together make a stand against this nonsense that makes our lives more difficult every year. Why don't they stop discriminating against us and make use of modern technology?

﻿Apart from improving students' employability after graduation, it will certainly help improve their financial situation. They would also learn more about budgeting, take some financial responsibility and basically improve or should I say that it would give them the opportunity to improve their money handling skills. On a personal level, it would give them a sense of worth and accomplishment, give them confidence and help shape their character in a positive way. If students find that they are working in a less than ideal part-time job than what they aspire to after graduation, the lessons learnt will give them an appreciation for and be grateful for what they have when the eventually graduate and attain the job they desire. A humbling experience I'm sure, but still a valuable experience to carry with them for the rest of their working lives. When I was in college, I was actually working two part-time jobs, one was as a clerk in the local drug store and the other was washing dishes and cleaning up slops in the college cafeteria. I was grateful for the opportunity and the cash and it also allowed me to do many things that I wouldn't have been able to do without earning some extra dollars.

﻿I agree. I realize that a lot of people will disagree with me, but I feel that students who have part-time jobs usually work better with their degree studies. Perhaps it is because they are normally more organized than some of their mates or they have just gotten into sound routines when it comes to balancing work with study. Some just couldn't be bothered working anyway, because they just want to cruise through their degrees and have parties every day. Nothing wrong with that, if they pass, but I think the ones that I have seen who are also working, seem to take their studies more seriously and dread the thought that they might even fail one subject. I am not saying that this is true for all students, it is just my opinion based on the comparisons that I have made between different categories of students who I happen to know personally. Another thing that struck me was that there course averages seemed to be slightly higher not for any one particular subject but generally speaking over the course of their degrees. I also think that for a lot of students these days, they understand what is happening in the world, the economy, the job market and they know that if the want to get anywhere in life, they are going to have to work for it.

﻿I agree that is indeed important for college students to have a part-time job, for several reasons. First, having a part-time job helps teach students how to use their time wisely. 20 hours per week working, by definition, reduces study time by 20 hours. Thus, students begin to learn the value of using time wisely. On a personal note, I worked on and off throughout college. Interestingly, I got better grades when I had a part-time job. I focused better, exercised greater discipline and worked harder in the available study time that I had. Secondly, having a part-time helps defray the ever-increasing tuition costs. Many college students rely on loans to help afford college. After college debt creates stress and burdens that newly minted graduates could well live without. Reducing (or in some cases eliminating) loans reduce debt, leaving the graduates in a better financial and mental state. Finally, part-time jobs often expose students to the greater population at large. Working in a restaurant, for instance, brings students in contact from those of all walks of life. Whether learning from fellow employees or the myriad of customers, learning takes place which is why students go to college in the first place, isn't it?

﻿As for banning smoking in restaurants, I absolutely believe smoking should be banned. Furthermore, why stop with restaurants? Before I address this question I will give my reasons why I believe smoking should be banned in ALL restaurants. To begin, let's start with the obvious. It has been scientifically proven that second hand smoke has enough toxins to cause lung cancer and many other diseases such as heart disease. In the very worst situations second hand smoke causes death. At the very least, simple discomfort is caused by second hand smoke. From the worst to the least there are countless reasons smoking in restaurants should be banned. Not only should it be banned, in my solicited opinion, it should be illegal. I feel there should be consequences for people who smoke and create a dangerous environment simply because they feel they have the freedom to do as they wish with their lives. I believe these incredibly selfish people lack respect for others. They feel that by not smoking is asking too much of them, as they are basically drug addicts. Everyone knows that drug addicts do not consider others when they need their drug of choice. These selfish people also have polluted ideas of what personal freedoms really are. I do believe smokers have the right to smoke and should be permitted to smoke regardless of the medical consequences. However, I do not believe that society should not be held responsible for the medical costs caused by smoking. Now, to address my earlier question, I believe smoking should be banned in all public areas. And I mean all public areas. Smoking should only be permitted in one's home. That's it! They should not be permitted to smoke outside their own home. Not even in their yard.

﻿I can't agree with that statement at all. Many college students that I know and also myself when I was a student, worked out of necessity. Aside from compulsory internships during summer vacation periods, the rest of the working time was only important because we needed the dollars. In my case, I was paying part of my way through college and was also attempting to get my student loans decreased rather than face a huge debt as soon as I graduated. If the statement was referring specifically to working out of necessity which it is not, then I could agree. The most important thing in college is doing well because it's a cutthroat world out here in the real world and we need every edge we can get. A part-time job is only important if financial circumstances dictate that it is a necessity or it is linked to some form of internship that will assist with future job prospects. Unfortunately, due to the current economic climate, part-time jobs are becoming more and more of a necessity otherwise we will see fewer and fewer new college enrolments and graduations. Many students, prospective and current are feeling the economic pressure that has been brought about by the near global financial collapse.

﻿I agree with this statement for two reasons. Firstly there is the issue of finance. Attending tertiary educational institutes puts a large expense on the cost of the student household if they are staying at home and even more if they choose to live outside of parental accommodation, the rent of which is largely financed by parents or guardians. The cost of education, support, materials, and general living expenses is an enormous sum which in most cases needs to be subsidized by a third party, namely the government and loan institutes. Even then, the income is rarely adequate enough and therefore students should look to part-time jobs in order to balance expenditure and ease the pressure on their parents or guardians. The income may be low for the students, yet it yields a double bonus with respect to the money they actually earn, and the money they save from not spending while working. Secondly, it is important to consider the character-building aspect that part-time work influences on students. In order to prepare for the'real world' is it necessary for younger adults to engage in the same activities as household earners. Doing this prepares them for their future professions in terms of commitment, diligence, and hard work. It can be said that the balance of part-time work and full-time study causes stress, however upon leaving their studies and beginning their chosen career they may experience a great relief due to a lower workload. This relief can help ease the transition to their professional life which has been shown to be traumatizing for some.

﻿I agree with the ban and would like to see it extended. By that I mean that it could be extended to include any public place. Since it is general public knowledge that smoking and passive smoking kill people and cause numerous degenerative disease and heart attacks and strokes, we are left to wonder as to the continued delays in introducing such a ban. Particularly when it has been proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that these could be prevented and leading medical professionals advise that smoking related deaths are the number one preventable cause of death in the entire world. One can only hope and pray that such a ban would be introduced as quickly as possible. The public for their part can continue to lobby their local congressman or their local government representative whoever that may be on a daily basis. If the government is moving a t a glacial pace on this issue then it's time for the public to pick up the pace and call their local representative every day until the ban is in place not just in a test case scenario, but in place across the country. I am not sure how much warning the government is required to issue however, I would amuse that it would not be less than a month before implementation which is ample time for restaurants to prepare for such a ban.

﻿Part time jobs for college students are a great idea and can really help them earn some money for; educational fees, daily living expenses and also give them some very useful on the job training experience. Some of the easier jobs for inexperienced students to land include, dish washing, waiting on tables, car wash, packing store shelves as a night clerk or if they are really lucky, working in the same industry or profession that they are going to work in when they graduate. I admit, some of the other jobs may have less appeal, but if students try to keep the big picture in mind and think outside the box, even the less than appealing jobs are great opportunities to start with. Realistically, any job experience looks better on a resume than nothing and it shows that the student was industrious, not afraid to work and was playing an active role in being financial responsible. Finally, even if the job is less than perfect, the student is still able to use this as a stepping stone toward bigger, better and maybe more lucrative opportunities. The reason is simple and I do not have all of the answers as to why, but the fact remains that it is easier to land a new job when you already have a job than it is to get a new job when you don't have a job. Statistics support this so, go figure?

﻿I believe that smoking should not be banned in restaurants in Japan for the following three reasons. Firstly, smoking is not illegal in society, so what right does an individual establishment have to rewrite the rules that we all live by and accept? Certainly smoking can be frowned upon, but an outright ban borderlines on illegal. Smoking may make some people uncomfortable, much in the way that loud earphones or voluble cel-phone use on trains is irritating. However, can we ban such behaviour? Smoking is a behaviour, and restaurants do not have the right to police behaviour. Secondly, restaurants are ultimately businesses, and must serve the needs of customers in order to remain solvent. Currently, many people wish to smoke while they eat and drink, and for as long as that is the case, restaurants should provide spaces where this is possible. Certainly smoking sections are necessary in order to provide non-smokers with comfortable environments also; however, an outright ban merely seems draconian and unfair, and unworthy of a civilized democracy. Finally, there is the snowball issue: if we ban smoking due to health concerns, what will be next? Banning meat-eating if vegetarian lobbies gain the upper hand in the burgeoning health-craze? Or banning furniture made of wood if anti-forestry groups gain the upper hand? Banning smoking in restaurants is the beginning of a slippery slope, as self-interested lobbies begin to successfully steer public opinion to serve ultimately selfish, nonsensical and short-sighted goals.

﻿Many people don't completely understand the effects of secondhand smoke and for some, they think of it as just being a nuisance. Statistics have shown that over one hundred thousand people die every year as the result of passive smoking. While it is probably an underestimated figure, it serves as a timely reminder that passive smoking kills too many innocent people. Public awareness is increasing however and many people, all over the world are starting to take a stand against smoking in public places including restaurants. While Japan does have several restaurants that enforce a no smoking policy, I believe that this is mostly because of building or department store regulations rather than any thought of how smoking may affect their customer's. If enough people speak up, then governments have to sit up and take notice if they want to be re-elected. On that basis, I feel that it is crucial that society as a whole stands as one and rather than condemn smokers, continue to vote only for those representatives who will take up the cause in government and push for sufficient legislation to ban smoking in restaurants as well as in all public places. Only in this way, can long-term change take affect and society in general, like it usually does, will eventually toe the line.

﻿I agree because I think that it is very important for students to get on the job training as soon as they can. This would at least give them more of a competitive edge in the marketplace. The workplace is much tougher now especially in the current financial climate. Therefore, students need to get as much experience as they can and accumulate as many skills as they can within as short a space of time that they can because a few years can pass very quickly. They have got to get some basic planning and organizational skills just to keep the job and study without sliding backwards. Employers will most certainly take into account their academic achievements but they will always look for experience as well. Students need to be able to learn on the job and learn quickly these days and by having some prior experience, it will increase their advantage slightly. Naturally, the extra money can provide another incentive to do a good job and may serve to help keep them motivated if they find themselves in a slump sometimes. Another advantage is that they will be exposed, in some small way, to the pressures of working at a real job which will better prepare them to face full-time employment.

﻿I agree with the statement above for several reasons. First, secondhand smoke harms non-smokers. Too many'non-smoking' sections of restaurants are arbitrarily, haphazardly designed. In effect, smoke drifts from smoking to non-smoking sections, harming all its way. Secondly, while customers patronize restaurants or their choice, restaurant workers are stuck in their workplace. Would Toyota's union, for instance, expose its employees to hazardous chemicals involved in automobile manufacturing? No. As unionization in the food/service industry is practically nonexistent, the responsibility rests with government to protect its citizens. Finally, society---both smokers and non-smokers--- pay a massive cost for second-hand smoke related illnesses. While smokers may willingly pay such costs, non-smokers should not have to. Second-hand smoke sickens people. The evidence is indisputable. As people become sick, they need costly medical (hospitalization, medicine, etc.. ) treatments. While all of us have an ethical duty to care for all our fellow citizens, it is unfair that non-smokers must pay for, in the form of higher insurance premiums and taxes, the care of those who make a poor lifestyle choice. Seatbelt regulations, to the chagrin of'free lifestyle advocates), have long since been passed into law. Simply, they save lives and reduce societal costs. In similar fashion, the government must take decisive action against smoking in restaurants, thereby protecting the health of those exposed and reducing the costs of healthcare.

﻿I disagree with this statement. The main problem here is that of'time' which most students would argue they have not enough of, particularly towards the final years of their study when workloads become extremely high in volume. There are simply not enough hours in the day for a student to attend lessons, complete all of their assignments, and then work a shift afterwards. The expression'healthy body, healthy mind' rings true here ? how can a student be expected to perform at the necessary level required by tertiary education when they are fatigued from over-exertion, or in some cases unable to engage in physical activity because they have no time? Generally, most students have 2 free days at the weekend in which they have availability for part-time work but this negates the entire purpose of a 5-day week which is to rest. For those with a 6 day study week the problem is compounded and that single free day is absolutely required for relaxation purposes. Furthermore, student life is the last chance a person may have to experience freedom in terms of responsibility. While there is certainly responsibility to be held with regards to their study, they are rarely relied upon by anyone else as people are in professional careers. The last few years before entering their careers is their best chance to have fun so they should be able to utilize any free time they have pursuing their recreational habits with the limited time they have. Obliging a student to spend their free time working instead of enjoying life can have a detrimental effect on their outlook, and may lead to feelings of frustration, depression, or even pessimism.

﻿I do support the idea of college students working part-time, or even full-time for that matter for the following reasons. To begin, I believe by working it teaches students many valuable lessons about life that will also be a part of his/her educational process. One of those lessons to learn is about the value of money. Most kids of college age do not fully understand the value of money, as they have been given almost everything they have, without any REAL knowledge of the costs. Nor do they understand all the efforts someone had to make to pay for those things. Another good life-lesson that working provides is having a better understanding of responsibility. Being responsible for some, or all of the costs of one's education will hopefully tie-in with understanding the value of money; in addition, for having responsibility for one's own success, as well as failure. Depending on our own disciplines to achieve success is one of the greatest assets a person can have to obtain control of one's desires. Too often young people depend on others to see to it that their lives are on the right track. This, in my opinion is unfortunate because if we are so spoiled and have things done for us, or have everything paid for us without any effort, I believe we do not acquire the much-needed respect for people, time, money, or responsibility, not to mention many other aspects of being responsible for one's self that were not mentioned in these opinions.

﻿I agree because it gives students several opportunities. First and foremost, I believe that it gives students responsibilities and obligations that must be met. Then let's not forget that they are also getting real job experience. With the job experience makes money and also any additional job skills that are necessary to perform their tasks. What usually carries over into college is that they learn to prioritize their workloads, organize their studies so that they may assimilate information in a more orderly and easier to remember process. Unless they are stressed out, their ability to focus is usually more heightened and they tend to maximize their time more efficiently. When they leave college and their part-time jobs, they usually do so having acquired not just learning skills or information, but tools and techniques that will carry them in good stead regardless of what job they get. If by chance they should find themselves in between jobs, they may be able to seek different kinds of work that their skills base may be transferred to. We know that many skills are transferable and see this in the business world quite frequently so this should be no different in a newly graduated student's case.

﻿I say. If the truth be known, I think that this getting to be a rather tiresome point for debate and discussion and it is a moot point in my eyes. Science and statistics all around the globe have already unequivocally proven, beyond any reasonable doubt that smoking causes death, disease, heart failure, stroke and the list goes on. So, why do people still feel the need to cater for what was once a majority group but is becoming more and more the minority group that call themselves smokers. Quite frankly, it's ridiculous because it has already been established and proven beyond any shadow of a doubt, that thousands upon thousands of smokers and passive smokers will die preventable deaths or succumb to preventable, smoking attributed diseases, every single year and the numbers are continually rising. I think that the time for this debate and discussion has well and truly passed its usefulness. Don't you? Japan should have no hesitation in drafting legislation that prohibits smoking in restaurants and each and every public facility across Japan, to take effect immediately. The Japanese Government should also brook no argument from any quarter, because there can be no more arguments, only effective action.

﻿Apart from the extraordinary number of health risks to smokers and non-smokers caused by smoking and in the case of non smokers, passive smoking, there is also the cost to the taxpayer for health care etc. I don't believe that anybody is arguing against any adult's right to smoke as they see fit. But, there is also irrefutable evidence to prove that passive smokers end up paying the same price as smokers do in terms of health issues and disease. For some reason, smokers get the impression that they are being discriminated against or their civil rights are being violated in some manner when the reality is, it's the non smokers who are having their rights violated. Smokers abound everywhere, walking around blowing harmful smoke into the air in public places, restaurants parks etc that non smokers frequent not to mention young children. Based on those facts alone, it is difficult to see how smokers feel so offended and picked on. Japan, like many countries, have taken counter measures and passed legislation related to automobile emissions, factory wastage disposal, chimney stack emissions and the list goes on. My point is that Japan and the rest of the free world are taking steps to decrease air pollutants and it only makes sense that cigarette emissions, that is, harmful smoke, should also be restricted and regulated.

﻿I don't really see why so many people feel it is so important for students to actually get a job. When I was growing up my parents were good enough (and enlightened enough) to pay for my education and cover all my living expenses. Perhaps I did not have a car when I was 18, nor could I really afford to go out drinking with my friends as often as I would have liked, it is nonetheless the case that because I never worked while in college I was able to truly enjoy taking my classes and focus on my studies. This approach paid off as I graduated near the top of my class and was then able to get the job I wanted (as opposed to a job that would simply allow me to pay the bills) and make a smooth start to my career. Others were not so fortunate: one of my friends from college had to pay his way (his parents could not afford to support him) and he was only able to stay in school for a little over a year before he finally dropped, suffering from exhaustion. I feel there is a lesson to be learned here and I have already started putting some money aside to put my own kids through college one day.

﻿Two reasons why we should ban smoking Let me see I remember my last trip to Paris: smoking there has effectively been banned in all restaurants and somehow life goes on So how is it that even in the home of the Gitanes and the famous Tabac Gris, almost synonymous with French culture, the French themselves have decided to butt out? Many feel that banning smoking is an attack on personal freedoms Perhaps, but states are there both to preserve freedoms and keep their citizens safe (whether it be from outside dangers or from themselves!). In this case the logic is this: smoking will undeniably damage your health (there are countless studies to prove it) and bring you no benefits (the rush that smokers get from feeding their addiction could hardly be considered a positive thing). so we will make you stop! Safety and welfare over personal freedom, and it's that simple. From there I derive my two reasons for banning smoking: I feel that banning smoking in restaurants will be good for people's health, and this in itself should be sufficient. Secondly, and I think more importantly, a ban on smoking shows to all that we have a government that cares and functions properly and intelligently, imposing rules when its citizens are not inclined behave responsibly themselves.

﻿I do not think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons for this. Firstly, the years spent at university are of utmost importance. In these four years students should focus on studying. At university, students learn skills that will essentially shape their future, and assist them for the rest of their working lives. For busy students, it is important to focus all their energy and concentration on studying for and passing examinations, Many students these days work, for example at convenience stores or restaurants until late into the night, and are then often late for classes the following day, or find it difficult to stay awake in lectures. This may cause them to fall behind in their studies, or may ultimately lead to them failing courses or even being asked to quit by their professor. As Japanese society is heavily focused on academic success, anything that obstructs such should be discouraged. Secondly, not only is tertiary education a tool for success in life, it is very expensive. All parents want the best for their children, and most families save money for years to be able to put their sons or daughters through college. In some cases, only to have their dreams dashed by the lack of effort on behalf of their children. By not concentrating on their studies, students are not only hurting themselves, but also destroying what their parents have worked very hard for. Thirdly, a large percentage of Japanese college students these days work part-time in low-skilled jobs in restaurants. Being able to flip a burger is of no importance whatsoever when it comes to getting a full-time job in, for example an office. For these reasons I do not think having a part-time job while studying is important.

﻿Being and ex-smoker, I agree. I am not agreeing just because I have stopped smoking though. I am agreeing because I think that even if I was still smoking, it is not fair to others that they should have to suffer for my bad habits. There are the kids to think of as well as people who may have some sort of illness like asthma or bronchitis which we don't always know about because we don't know them personally. I reckon that if I want to smoke, then that is my business, but it is everybody's business if I start puffing smoke at them or in their air space. That to me is just being arrogant and rude and displays a total disregard for others. I would support restaurant bans in Japan or any country in return for a place where smokers could go to smoke without endangering others. I think that most smokers who have any sense of fairness, would agree with me on this. It is never too late to show consideration for others but it's a bit late to say you are sorry if someone dies because they have been breathing in your second-hand smoke. Then it would be like shutting the gate after you have already let the horse out.

﻿One of the biggest reasons I believe smoking should be permitted in restaurants is because restaurants are considered places to relax. They are designed to provide an atmosphere for paying customers to come in and enjoy the freedom of having someone serve them. Being served, not being responsible for food preparation, or cleanup are a few of the additional services we pay for when we go to a restaurant. In addition, having the freedom to enjoy a drink, or having a cigarette are added reasons why we pay to support restaurants. If restaurants took away smoking privileges we now enjoy, in my opinion, many people would stop going to these establishments designed to encourage relaxation simply because they would be much less relaxing for smokers, and even stressful for many smokers. Banning smoking would be bad for the economy, as less and less people would want to eat out. In addition, going to a restaurant is a personal choice, as is the freedom to smoke. If people dislike smoke for whatever reason, they do not have to frequent restaurants. They can simply create their own smoke-free environment. Nonsmokers can ban together and form a group to avoid smoky areas. For example, nonsmokers can reserve a restaurant that will only accommodate their group, free of smokers. This is one solution nonsmokers have to acquire a smoke-free environment. There are countless ways to achieve smoke free environments. But as it stands now, we have the freedom to go into any restaurant and light up if we desire.

﻿I agree that it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. I believe that it instills responsibility, introduces them to the basics of workplace practices and ideally, gives them invaluable work experience. For the most part, many college students think that college is a vacation compared to high school and the workplace. They gain more freedom in that they are responsible for meeting course requirements without anybody standing over them or directing them which, some students see as a licence to just do enough to pass the course and party the rest of the time. By having a part-time job, they would realize that college is not one big party and that they also have certain obligations which have to be met, in order to reap the rewards for their labor. To be fair, some students want a part-time job anyway, so that they may pay for their degrees or just to have some extra cash. Either way, I think that all students should have a part-time job for the reasons mentioned above and it also gives them an opportunity to display whatever skills they may already possess or gain new skill sets. In the end, it will still look good for them on future job applications if it can be seen that they are willing to put out, in order to get something back.

﻿I agree. Not only is passive smoking annoying it is dangerous to the non-smoker as well. It is enough that smokers blow smoke all over Tokyo except in a few prohibited places without having to sit in restaurants that smell like chimneys and throughout the meal, be concerned if it was safe to eat while smokers were puffing away on their fags. The thing is that passive smokers die from the same diseases that smokers do and it is time to put a stop to it. I do concede that everyone can choose to go to smoking and non-smoking restaurants (if there any around) or not to go anywhere. On that basis we all make our decisions. However the poisons from smoking can float through the air and not only be inhaled by non-smokers but they can also be on the skin and more important the food. Now over a period of time this might be OK and then suddenly, someone gets sick and eventually dies. But it is not necessary to take the risk and we now know that chemicals from fags and food do not mix well together, so it is best to keep the fags away from the food altogether.

﻿Smoking is an archaic and somewhat outdated habit, but it has a long tradition and it has become quite the big business in many countries of the world. I can only assume that Japanese tobacco companies are as successful in prolific as their American counterparts, and as such, I think that if smoking has taken any kind of a foothold in Japanese culture and in Japanese restaurants, it'll be very difficult to dislodge it from this position. However, for the sake and for the health of the people, I recommend that Japan reconsider their allowing the restaurants to permit smoking. In my opinion, smokers should be free to smoke if they choose to do so, but they should not allow this choice to have an impact upon people who they do not even know. Accordingly, it would make sense to designate special areas reserved for smokers in both restaurants and other public places so that they can enjoy their habit and live their lives as they please without causing a nuisance for others. The method of separating restaurants into smoking and nonsmoking areas has been in wide practice in the US for a number of years, and if it is not already taken advantage of in Japan as well, it may be a good first step toward addressing this problem more fully.

﻿Should students do part-time job, because it has innumerable merits? Students, indeed all people, have different needs and desires. Students have the core right to choose how to spend their own time. A financially strapped student, for example, could reduce his/her reliance upon tuition loans. I think it would behoove such a student to therefore work part-time. That said, this same student may offer the following, valid counter-argument: Working part-time, by its very nature, reduces my study time, and puts me at a disadvantage versus my fellow students who do not have a part-time job. Getting high grades is of paramount importance to my future, as I wish to become a doctor. I can tolerate future debt and will have the means to repay it. If I work part-time now, I seriously jeopardize my future. To coin a currently in vogue expression, "I am robbing Peter to pay Paul". Thus, the importance of a part-time job during college rests with the individual student. The onus is therefore upon this student to determine its importance. This choice, as innumerable others, is indeed part of the learning experience.

﻿The pros of banning smoking especially at restaurants in Japan far outweigh any temporary dissatisfaction that may be felt by the smokers who feel that they are being persecuted for their lifestyle. To begin with, smoking is in every way a very dirty habit. Not only does it make the homes, clothes, and possessions of smokers forever tainted by that terrible smell, it also increases litter and trash on the streets. For some reason, smokers seem to think that it is okay to throw cigarette butts anywhere they feel like, and nothing makes a street look more dirty or poor than thousands of cigarettes strewn about. Furthermore, I hope that smoking will become banned at more than just restaurants but in all public places. At the same time, I think it is only fair to provide the smokers with a place to smoke, so I think designated places should be established. However, many cities and governments are not willing to expend the effort or the funds that would be necessary to accomplish such a feat, and if this is true for the Japanese, it may be a long time before smoking is banned at restaurants. Therefore, nonsmokers will have to be patient while the gears of government slowly grind and the red tape and slowly unravels.

﻿I do not agree and instead of bans, how about displaying a little tolerance. We hear the word'tolerance' bandied about quite a lot from politicians talking about cultural awareness and immigrant integration, to parents instructing their children to be tolerant of everything and everyone except, drug addicts, axe murderers and smokers. What? You mean smokers too? Yes, that is exactly who I mean. It seems that tolerance is subjective, and left up to the personal bias of the individual. Has it come down to smokers being lumped together with known fiends and enemies of decent society? It would appear so, when one listens to some of the illogical, nonsensical arguments put forward by hysterical non-smoking groups. It really is ludicrous at times, in particular when they state that smoking can cause cancer, which I am not disputing, but I would like to point out that medical research has discovered that dangerous chemicals caused by barbecuing certain foods, can also lead to cancer as do fluorescent light tubes, if we believe the research put forward by one particular group of researchers. Should the Japanese government ban barbecues too? Or perhaps just prohibit barbecuing within one hundred meters of human beings. Now there is a thought, remote barbecuing.

﻿Yes, I emphatically support this life style and for several reasons. Firstly, these are individuals who are entering into adulthood and if they do not understand that giving back to society, in some form of work, is an indispensable part of what it means to be a (valuable) member of this society, then I would highly recommend that they start to learn. The college years provide an opportune time for the young men or women to learn to balance their social, work and school worlds in to what will make up THEIR interpretation of life. In summary, school is a wonderful opportunity for one to build their academic skills and yet what meaning have these if they are not applied to the real world? Some would say that a part-time job is not a place where too many skills are learned or applied (what skills exactly does one get for working at Dairy Queens on the weekends?). Well, skills such as money handling, balancing their own accounts, the management of time, dealing with people all add up to becoming a responsible individual. With freedom comes responsibility and this is something which cannot be taught in school. And so, this is why I firmly support college students working.

﻿There is nothing worse than coming home after dining out and finding that your clothes smell like an old fireplace or a dirty ashtray, because they have absorbed cigarette fumes. I wouldn't mind so much if I was a smoker I guess, but I'm not and the stench irritates me to no end. Now I am not saying that all smokers are bad and that they shouldn't be allowed in all public places, but I do feel that the areas that are set aside, if any, for non-smoking and smoking in restaurants in Japan are totally inadequate. Of course I have health concerns as well, just like many others do when it comes to breathing in secondhand smoke, but the stench seems to irk me more. Perhaps it's because it is immediately noticeable whereas illnesses and death usually just creep up on you. I don't believe that there is any easy way around this as I feel that any exhaust fan remedies are far from being the ideal solution. In my mind, there is no point in dancing around it and it would appear that the only viable solution would be for Japan to put a ban in place or quite possibly have completely separate smoking and non-smoking restaurants although, I am not too sure how viable that would prove to be as a business proposition.

﻿It's a tough market out there these days and students may need more than a degree to get the job that they are after. Even positions that are not related to career choice will still prove helpful and be looked at favourably by prospective employers. Having this experience on their resume, will also display the basic qualities that most employers look for such as; reliability, some form of work ethic and reliability. Students would also acquire some basic work skill sets as well as gain an insight into what life is like in the workplace. Some arguments against working part-time while studying at college tend to zero in on one major point. That being, students need to focus all the time on studying and working part-time cuts into their precious study time. Personally, I don't think that this is a valid argument if students follow the lead of other successful students who have managed to do both quite readily by employing some sound time management and solid organization skills into their repertoire. In short, having a part-time job will allow students to become more employable, give them a slight edge in their job hunting activities and it will also give them some extra cash to play with.

﻿I agree but would also add that smoking should be banned in all public places in Japan. The reasons for the ban are obvious to all and should not be up for discussion. Apart from the nuisance value, passive smoking causes just as many health issues as smoking directly does. There is more than enough support for such a ban and momentum is growing everyday to introduce a smoking ban for all public places. This issue has been debated backwards and forwards in many countries and I am certain that it has been discussed in Japanese Government circle on more than one occasion. The time for discussion is over and it is now time for serious action irrespective of the feeble arguments put forward by the smoking community. There is no question that smoking kills and that inhaling second-hand smoke (passive smoking) also kills. The onus is on the Japanese Government to introduce a ban and also to enforce the ban across the nation. If this means also introducing some form of financial penalty for businesses that do not comply with the ban, then the government should also be prepared for this and act swiftly by imposing a substantial fine immediately in order to deter others from flaunting the ban.

﻿I don't agree that is should be banned all over Japan because the logistics of policing any legislation banning smoking across Japan would be horrendous and extremely difficult to enforce. I can accept that smokers and non-smokers sharing space in some restaurants may make it uncomfortable for the non-smokers, but that is no excuse to slap down a nation wide ban. There are other options and technology solutions that may resolve the situation. For example ensuring that restaurants have adequate ventilation and effective partitions protecting non-smokers from inhaling smoke fumes or build more restaurants, both smoking and non-smoking and boost the economy as well as split the two groups. There are many modern high technology appliances that will extract and filter out up to over ninety-eight percent of the chemicals found in cigarettes which would have an immediate effect and alleviate non-smoker concerns without having to build anything. I think that if the restaurants and held talks with representatives of both groups with the assistance of an independent mediator, this would provide ample opportunity to discuss and implement some of the solutions offered in this essay and many other options without resorting to bans at this time and they may find that just maybe, a ban is not necessary at all.

﻿I strongly agree with a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants throughout Japan. There are four reasons for this. Firstly, smoking is bad for health. It is now commonly accepted throughout the world that smoking is bad for health. Smoking is not only extremely detrimental to the health of the actual smoker, but more importantly it is now generally agreed that the effects of passive smoking are equally damaging. A meal in a good restaurant should be a leisurely experience, and can often last for two or three hours. Non-smokers dining in restaurants or bars should not have to endure the effects of breathing other people's smoke for long periods. In addition, staff at restaurants work long hours, sometimes in very enclosed spaces. Being able to work in a healthy environment is a basic right. Secondly, children should not be unnecessarily exposed to the bad habits of adults. Children are a regular sight at popular restaurants throughout Japan, especially on weekends. Tobacco is not only unhealthy, but it is also an age-restricted product. Having smokers sitting at the next table sends the wrong signal to children. Thirdly, smoking affects the taste of one's food. One of the pleasures of dining out is experiencing tastes and smells of foods that one might not otherwise eat. When we'taste' food, we are experiencing a combination of sensory signals from both the mouth and nose. The smell of cigarette smoke can change the taste of some foods. Many restaurant managers worry that banning smoking will affect business, however statistics from cities in Europe and the US reveal that there has been no significant loss of business since a blanket ban on smoking was introduced. For these reasons, I fully support a ban on smoking in restaurants.

﻿I think that it would do the world of good if all students took on a part-time job while at college or university. I do have one caveat though and that is, that colleges should also provide some form of counselling or advice that would assist with preparing students in managing their time and their mind set, before going off in search of work. It always sounds easy to get a part-time job however, getting one and then keeping it while maintaining the required study levels is easier said than done for many students and they do struggle with it. Admittedly, there are a few students who handle both easily and without any apparent issues but in my opinion, these students are already in possession of the correct mindset and organisational skills or have learned them very quickly. For those with less experience, this may not be the case and I feel quite strongly that it is a lot easier to prepare than repair as the saying goes. Given the right preparation, all students should be able to combine both activities without mishap and also with the minimum of stress. This would allow them to not only enjoy the benefits of earning a wage but to also progress with their studies in a more relaxed and conducive frame of mind.

﻿College is a transitional time from dependence to independence for most people in modern society. I think it is important for college students to have a part time job, and I shall support my claim with three points. Firstly, on the domestic front, a young person generally leaves the security of the family unit at this time in his life and begins to strike out on his own. Part time work during a course-load at college will begin to encourage thoughts of pecuniary insight and financial responsibility. Secondly, a college student needs to be able to afford school supplies, and to be able to support his changing interests, be they hobbies, extra-curricular activities, or simply entertainment. Finally, as he begins to assert his independence, a college student will likely begin to explore thoughts of starting his own family. Whether or not he will actually go so far as to do so of course will vary from person to person. However, dating, courting and generally meeting viable people with whom to explore these possibilities will likely manifest themselves during this transitional time. Independent means of supporting these activities is essential in order to become a responsible, contributing member of society. For the reasons stated above, I believe that a college student needs the experience of part-time work.

﻿To a certain extent I agree. By that I mean that if college students are receiving some form of scholarship or their fees are being paid by means other than their immediate family, then I think that they should shoulder some of the responsibility and give something back rather than just accept a handout for free. It helps build character, lightens the financial burden of those paying and teaches them that you can't get everything for free without giving something back in exchange. It's called fair exchange and the earlier in life that college students learn this, they will be better off in the long term. On the other hand, if students are paying their own way or their tuition is being paid for by their family, then I believe that they should devote as much time to their learning as possible without being weighed down by extra commitments. I believed that they have earned that right by having the means to pay their way, even if that is through the assistance of their family. I believe that this is still fair exchange in that either the family or the student were prepared financially for college and therefore, it is not necessary for them to have a part time job unless it is by free choice and perhaps related to the career that they are pursuing.

﻿I couldn't agree more. I feel that Japan should issue an immediate smoking ban in all restaurants and also all public places. Contrary to popular opinion on the part of the smoking fraternity, this would in no way violate their civil rights. But rather, it would be protecting the rights of all non-smoking people and the immediate environment as well. Time and time again, we hear of the thousands that die needlessly each year because of smoking related and passive smoking related illnesses or diseases. I think that if adult smokers choose to smoke then of course, that is their prerogative provided that it does not infringe upon the rights and fresh air of non-smokers. I really believe that it is time that Japan played more of a leading role in restricting and regulating smoking areas. Since Japan has a high percentage per capita of heavy smokers, a ban would go a long way towards discouraging smoking in general as well as cleaning up the public space environment so that it is more conducive to the health of all who make use of those spaces. It would seem pointless to spend time and money to reduce harmful pollutants into the air and support global reductions if conversely, Japan was to allow and condone smokers to pollute Japan's own public spaces.

﻿I agree because they can learn some basic financial skills such as budgeting, get some organisational skills and generally get to know what it is like to have to go to work. The big thing for me when I was working and studying was that I learned that I had to be responsible but more importantly, act responsibly. I could not just take off and go to parties with my mates when I felt like it. I did have some trouble with time management at first, but after my first few stuff ups, I managed to get it right, for the most part anyway. I was given no slack from my lecturers either although my boss was pretty good to me. I hear a lot of kids complaining and crying about how tough it is and I always think that they have no idea what tough is. My idea of tough is living in Afghanistan or Iraq or even Africa where people are shooting at you or you are dying from hunger. Now that is doing it tough in my opinion not working part-time and then sitting in an air-conditioned room at university or college with a fast food cafeteria downstairs. But then, I guess it is all subjective to our own experiences and opinions.

﻿This has already been a welcome introduction in many parts of the USA and I agree one hundred percent with the bans. I strongly suggest that Japan follow suit and stay abreast of modern health concerns. It can only reduce insurance costs and decrease the extremely high risks to people that don't smoke, when they are forced to inhale chemicals that can kill them. I have only been to Japan a few times but every time I come, I frequently dine out and have visited many fine restaurants around Tokyo. While I have noticed that there are smoking and non-smoking sections in many of the up-market restaurants that I have frequented, I don't feel that this is adequate because there is no guarantee whatsoever that a small percentage of cigarette fumes will not drift my way. Despite the best exhaust systems or segregating patrons into smaller glassed in rooms, I still feel uncomfortable and would much prefer it if the Japanese Government just issued smoking bans outright and put a lot of non-smoker's minds at ease. Most countries have legislation and regulations regarding poisonous chemicals and also the disposal of harmful wastes. Cigarette smoke is a harmful waste and needs to be regulated along with all other poisons.

﻿For the most part, I would agree. It would help to alleviate a lot of financial burdens that many people are suffering and also boost student's confidence when it comes time to graduate because they would feel better having had some form of work experience under their belts before approaching employers. They would also have picked up some elementary work skills and have a better insight into working full-time by taking these hands on approach. Students need to take care though and ensure that they do not neglect their study or assignments. An organised, common-sense approach will be necessary to keep their time evenly balanced and their study commitments on an even keel. If possible, they should attempt to find work within the sector that they intend working in upon graduation. This will help ease the doors of employment open slightly, more than if they had no experience or were working in a non-relevant field prior to graduation. In addition, I would say that it is also important to keep some sort of social schedule as well. It is very easy to feel overwhelmed and consumed by it all if all the student is doing is working and studying without sufficient'time off'.

﻿I think that it can do them good but I don't believe that it is important while they are at college. When I attended university, I did have a part-time job, as a matter of fact, I had three or four if I recall correctly. Irrespective though, while I gleaned some useful ideas and cash for my efforts, I do not believe that this is important for everybody. We all have different personalities, needs, desires and what have you, so I cannot truthfully state that what was good for me is necessarily important for all other students. We would need to analyse that on an individual basis, situation by situation, student by student because it is subjective. Maybe that is just my thinking other of course have their own opinions and I have heard many of the arguments for and against already. If we approach the topic objectively and with limited bias, how could anybody conclude honestly, that part-time work was good for Students A, B and C therefore, it must be the right course of action for everyone. Generally speaking, at most colleges and universities, there are many part-time workers, but that still does not mean that we can automatically jump to the conclusion that it is important for everybody.

﻿I agree and in addition to bans, I would also like to see included some'smokers will be shot on sight' legislation or have their pictures put on posters and sent to every prefecture in Japan. What nonsense is this now? The statement of banning smoking in all restaurants in Japan would be a joke if it wasn't so pathetic. Aside from ensuring that restaurants comply with local health regulations, what business is it of the Japanese Government, if restaurateurs choose to allow or disallow smoking on their premises when they are after all, private enterprises and not government cafeterias. I am assuming of course that only the Japanese Government has the legal authority to introduce such a ban. Since most restaurants are usually private enterprises and if they do in fact, meet all health and regulatory requirements, doesn't it then follow that the decisions related to legal activities conducted on their premises such as smoking, singing and dancing fall back to them. If this is not the case, then it would seem to be an exercise in futility to open a private business that is owned privately but is really run by the government. Something wrong with that logic I think.

﻿College students should have a part-time job or an internship at some time during their university years so that they can learn to organize their time and experience a working environment before entering the working world. Full-time study in the United States starts at 12 units per term, so students who devote the recommended two hours of study for each classroom hour are "students" for 36 hours per week. While heavier course loads can raise that number as high as 60, there is ample time for other activities, both paid and volunteer. Having more activities forces students to organize and budget their time, and these are valuable skills to have upon entering the working world. Part-time jobs are better than volunteer activities at forcing this organization of time. Employers pay their part-timers and depend on them to show up and work, providing a sense of accountability and urgency that volunteer activities do not. Many students graduate, get jobs, and find that they do not know how to do something for eight hours a day, day after day. Work experience is good for teaching students what it is like to put in time, work with other people, deal with real problems, earn money, and pay taxes. Part-time jobs are a fantastic way to introduce students to the realities that await them outside of the university gates in a low-risk environment.

﻿I agree because the chemicals in cigarettes are deadly and not only do I not appreciate having to inhale secondary smoke from time to time, I don't want chemicals from cigarette smoking any where near my food thank you very much. Either ban smoking in restaurants completely or have smoking and non-smoking restaurants. Some smokers may feel that they are being pushed around if a ban is imposed but that as they say is tough luck and they will just have to get used to it. Other smokers in different parts of the world seemed to have managed OK with their bans and I think that Japan is capable of managing it as well. I am not trying to push smokers are target them just for the hell of it. It is simply that they may like sucking smoke but I don't and I don't have to. Let's have equality for all in the smoking saga so that they can smoke in their appointed spaces and we can enjoy no smoke in ours. Now that is what I call equality and a win-win for all. It is fair for all concerns, nobody is being picked on or need feel resentful in any way.

﻿I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan because it quite clearly is and always has been a health risk to all concerned. Bans are working very effectively in several other countries now and I think that Japan can only benefit by following suit. Although Japan has a large number of smokers who may not be so eager to comply with any bans, I feel that if they were educated as to the dangers that they were presenting to others and not just themselves would go a long way to winning many over I support to the ban. Even so, if they refuse to budge and persist in attempting to block or hinder a restaurant ban, then I think that the Japanese government should enforce the bans with strong financial penalties for the restaurant owners and that those who abuse the bans as well. In this way, I feel that this would send strong messages to smokers and restaurants that the government intends to stand behind the ban and enforce it to the full letter of the law. If this does not act as a sufficient deterrent then perhaps prison time may also be considered as a stronger form of prosecution for would be offenders.

﻿I agree with this statement. Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. First, it's now well-known that both first-hand and second-hand smoke can cause cancer. So, being in the vicinity of someone smoking, especially indoors where there is little ventilation, can adversely affect one's health. I go to restaurants to enjoy healthy food and, as a paying customer, I shouldn't have to risk my health sitting near smokers. Second, servers and other restaurant staff shouldn't have to work around harmful cigarette smoke, especially on a daily basis. Employees have a right to work in a safe environment, which includes a smoke-free establishment. Even if there was a separate section for smoking customers, workers would still be exposed to harmful fumes. Third, cigarette smoke smells terrible and even a small whiff of it can quickly spoil ones appetite and ruin the mood. I want to smell the food as it's being prepared in the kitchen and savor it as it arrives on my plate. This is an enjoyable part of dining out, which would suffer if I had to sit near smokers. Lastly, many industrialized nations, including the U. S., ban smoking in restaurants and most bars to protect customers and workers. Japan should follow suit and take measures to protect the health of its citizens. And completely banning smoking in restaurants is one good way to do this.

﻿There is an ongoing debate in countries all over the world about banning smoking, passive smoking and whether or not smoking should be banned in public places as well as restaurants. Many countries have already adopted smoking bans in bars, pubs, nightclubs, certain government buildings, bus stops, cab ranks and train stations. So, why not in restaurants? I have noticed that on several department stores, food floors in Tokyo, that smoking is either banned completely or restricted to certain hours. There is nothing worse than sitting down in a restaurant, expecting to enjoy a delicious meal, only to find that the place smells like an ashtray which messes the dining experience with every bite. Japan's Government needs to think more about people's health rather than the number of voters and ban smoking in restaurants, all public buildings and entrances and also, all public transport. People are dying every year from smoking or inhaling smoke fumes and this is completely preventable. It's up to the government to pass irrevocable laws that support this prevention and not be concerned about public opinion in this case because there can be no argument, smoking kills directly and indirectly without question. The government should display strong leadership and give a clear indication to the people that smoking will not be allowed or tolerated in places that can be harmful to people who don't smoke, around children, old people and hospitals.

﻿I really think that it is a smashing idea that students can work and study at the same time because they are getting the best of both worlds. When I was studying, I had several part-time jobs working as a barmaid in many pubs working all sorts of odd hours. I didn't mind though because I got to meet a lot of interesting people while getting paid to do it which for me was fantastic. Another thing that worked out really well was that even with my degree (IT) I couldn't always get the job that I wanted when I was travelling. But I could pretty much get a job in most places as a barmaid. I was also able to afford a lot of things that I would never have been able to buy without a part-time job. I had to be really careful with managing my time though because I almost flunked a couple of exams but I managed to get by and it taught me to organize my life and study times with a bit more care. Even though I really enjoyed the work, you have to be careful and remember that they expect you to work so it's not like you can just walk in and start any time you like. You have to use a bit of common sense and be responsible otherwise you won't have a job for very long that's for sure.

﻿College is a time when young people should expand their minds, and their range of experiences. I believe that college students need to be independent to do this. To be truly independent, however, they cannot rely on their parents. This applies to accommodation, cleaning, and of course money. Independence requires responsibility. The ability to earn money and pay for the things that students enjoy (like stylish clothes or all-you-can drink deals at the local bar) is essential in acquiring this responsibility. However, it is the responsibility that is gained by turning up for work at a set time and following directions properly that far outweighs the monetary benefits that a part time job during college brings. As a young person becomes more responsible, they also become more mature. Maturity, along with independence and initiative, is what all employers look for in potential applicants, and it is essential for dealing with the ups and downs that come with a full time job. College students should also remember that the skills they pick up while working part time jobs can make an average resume look great. The maturity and sense of self-esteem I gained by working various part time jobs during my college years prepared me well for my professional career. I believe it is not merely "important" that college students have a part-time job: it is essential.

﻿I disagree. If it was so important then the students would do better by getting a full-time job and going to college part-time. When I paint, my focus is completely devoted to unraveling the picture that comes from with inside me. If my attention is not directed entirely at what I am doing the painting will be flawed. I believe that is the same with college studies too. When I was in college, I was completely zeroed in on completing my degree, nothing else. Because of this, I was able to do exceptionally well at everything that I did whereas, if I had to think about going to my job, then it would have been virtually impossible for me to put out my best effort. I think that it is OK if people have a part-time job because they need to, what I am saying is that I don't believe that it is important to have one just because they are at college. My parents would disagree with my point of view but that is OK and they are entitle to their opinion just as I am. I just believe that if students or anybody wants to do well in any activity, course or whatever, then they need to be there completely focused and in the moment.

﻿Well I know that this is still a hot issue here in the UK and also in various other countries such as the USA where they are still discussing the effects of the bans that they have in place. There have been numerous debates held on smoking bans all around the world and Japan is no exception. Even though the harmful effects of smoking, both directly and passively, are well known and undeniable, more and more young people are taking up the habit. One of the arguments in favour of the bans suggest that it is good for reducing smoking and also that it recognises the non-smokers' rights. The smokers on the other hand claim that it ignores theirs. The health risks of smoking are clear and many leading medical and scientific organisations recognize that second hand smoke is a possible cause for a range of life threatening conditions. Health concerns could be improved dramatically by simply eliminating smoking altogether. This is unlikely to occur at this stage so the best option would seem to be banning smoking in all public areas and restaurants as well. I believe that people shouldn't have to inhale the deadly chemicals from other people's smoking so on that basis, I agree with a restaurant ban.

﻿I think this would be right and would say that I agree wholeheartedly because of the uncertainty of the market and the current economic climate. While it is all well and good to go to college and get a degree, there are many unemployed MBA and PhD out there who are struggling to get the kind of work that they trained for. By having as many part-time jobs or as much real job experience as they can get, students would have more options after graduation. There have been numerous cases were people have changed careers or been able to get jobs that they needed that were not related to their degree when times were tough. They were able to do this because they had a variety of experiences had a desperate need to get a job and were willing and able to fall back on skills gained previously. To me, this would be a smart strategy to keep in mind because students don't always commence a new job as soon as they graduate and may have to wait some time before getting their dream job. At least this way, they would have a better shot at getting other kinds of work to keep them going and pay the bills.

﻿It's not important! Period! The amount of work that students have to do to graduate is more than enough to keep them busy during their time at college. If they are concerned about jobs, then they shouldn't be at college. The purpose of going to college is to graduate and seek a lucrative position in the workforce not about having to worry about whether they are running late for class because they had to work an extra shift or worry about losing their job if they are a few minutes late. Students go to college to get a degree so why not stick to that plan instead of adding more stress and less study times to their schedules. Sure, some students will have to work because they need the cash to survive and that's fine because they have to do it. If they don't have to do it, then why do it? I've heard the arguments for and against and I believe that they will have plenty of time for working, after they graduate. For now, concentrate on one thing and do it well like getting high scores or being in the top ten percent which employers and recruiters are on the lookout for anyway.

﻿Yes it should be. We have banned a lot in Britain and most countries are all doing the same thing now and Japan should too I reckon. At first I used to think that it should be left up to the business owners and the public to sort out. I changed my mind though when I saw that, people just got used to the idea anyway and although they moan about the weather if it's freezing outside, they just toddle off out the door for their fag. There were a few questions about rights as well, but when I thought it over I realized that it is a non-smoker's right not to get poisoned by smokers and since fags contain poison, then they shouldn't be near foodstuffs anyway. At least that was my simple logic and still is because we wouldn't normally pour petrol over our steaks or vegetables so why would we want other peoples' smoke, which is poisonous, on our steaks either. That would mean we were a bit daft if we did and yet we have put up with that for years so who knows what is already going on inside our bodies or what damage we may have caused ourselves.

﻿I don't agree. I would add however, that it could be important but it really gets down to the individual concerned based on their needs, emotional maturity and general life experience levels. Having a part-time job while attempting to study a college degree on a full-time basis is not for everyone. In fact, I would venture to state that it could be detrimental for some more than others. While there are obvious benefits to be gained from working, the downside is that not everyone deals with pressure or stress in the same way. Placing too much pressure on oneself could quite possibly lead to dropping out, academic failure or quite literally traumatize students emotionally. This is not idle theory as there have been many examples that are a matter of public record which support my claims. I held a part-time position while I was at college and didn't encounter any difficulties which could not be easily overcome. I do recall quite clearly, that there were several students on campus who were not as blessed as I was and they experienced many, many problems which eventually led to them dropping out. So again I say, while it could be important to have a part-time job at college, it is subjective to the individual's personal circumstances.

﻿Since I am a smoker myself, naturally I don't agree. It would be discrimination, pure and simple in my opinion and would go against my civil rights. I am a considerate smoker and will quite often go outside my own house to have a smoke so that I don't bother any visitors who maybe non-smokers. Since I have been to quite a lot of restaurants in Japan, I see an awful lot of Japanese people smoking too. Sometimes the air is a bit stale and the place doesn't smell very nice at all. I think that is just because of really bad or useless ventilation and also because some restaurants are so tiny that when there are too many smokers, it gets pretty bad. Having said that, it is my choice to smoke and a non-smokers' choice not to. If they are uncomfortable in an establishment that allows smoking, then either leave or just don't go there in the first place. I don't believe that it would be right to ban smoking in a business that does not belong to the government. We can all decide for ourselves without the need for any laws telling us what we can and can't do.

﻿I don't believe that legislation is the best way to ban smoking in restaurants. It really is a case of supply and demand, which private markets already represent. Having said that, private agreements will always impact on others in both a positive and negative fashion. In the case of cigarettes, they of course are having a negative impact as the market tastes have changed which means that they either have ill effects on others or have fallen out of favor for any number of reasons. For example, when people smoke in public places or restaurants, there is no doubt that they pollute the air and are a threat to the health of other customer's health. From that point onwards, the market changes and the law of supply and demand takes control of the situation. Less people will go to smoking restaurants causing the market to drop. Now that is an over-simplified marketing example but it describes the situation in a nutshell. If we dig a little deeper however, despite the fact that governments have introduced anti-smoking education, the number of adults and young people smoking, is surprisingly large. This means that the addiction for these smokers is not just drugs but in fact a deeper emotional attachment which means that it is harder to break and no ban in the world will prevent them from getting their fix.

﻿I agree, but only in the sense that it would really be good for those who have had no real job or work experience before and to get one before they graduate and of course it is a must for the students that need an extra financial resource. On a reality check level, it's a good thing and might also serve to knock the chip off the shoulders of one or two students who could do with a good dose of attitude correctional therapy. For the students that must have a job, it goes without saying that they usually have a better mental approach to working and college. They are more thorough with their work and studies and certainly better organised than most of the others. Partly because they have to be, and partly because they have a clearer understanding of what they need to do and have solid schedule in place to keep them on track. A part-time job can be a blessing or a curse, depending upon each student's emotional maturity levels, outcomes, purpose and actions. Quite often the only difference between those who combine work and college successfully and those who don't is mind set. If the get that part right then students are well on their way and quite likely to achieve their goals.

﻿I definitely think so! Most of the world is finally waking up to this, but in Japan, which is second only to South Korea in being the country with the largest amount of heavy smokers, they are behind the times I'm afraid to say. If you go to many restaurants in Japan, both large and small, the only thing separating the smokers from the non-smokers is either a small, ineffective partition or they are seated next door to each other, side by side. Japan is well known for being a smoker's paradise and the proof is plain to see. The protection for non-smokers against inhaling secondary smoke in most restaurants is non existent at worst and totally useless at best, as far as I have seen. It is astounding to note that the Japanese Government has yet to catch up with the rest of the world in this regard. Considering that Japan is widely renowned as the technology leaders of the world and is fully aware of the numerous health issues and risks for both smokers and those that inhale secondary smoke, it is incredulous to me that the Government has yet to issue a blanket ban across Japan making it mandatory for all restaurants to comply.

﻿It is undeniable that smoking is measurably damaging and addictive. Smoking has been directly linked to lung cancer, making it a particularly deadly element. In addition, secondhand smoke inhaled by nonsmokers has been linked to significant respiratory ailments. This results in the smoker presenting not only a hazard to him or herself, but to those nearby as well. The danger smokers pose to those nonsmokers around them has prompted many governments to ban smoking in public places. Many municipal governments in Japan impose fines for those smoking outside of designated smoking areas such as the large smoking area in front of the east exit of Shinjuku. Smoking while walking, known in Japanese as "aruki-tabako" (walking-tobacco), is particularly of note, as it not only makes nonsmokers nearby uncomfortable, but also exposes them to secondhand smoke. As such, governments across the world have either enacted or are considering complete smoking bans inside enclosed spaces, including bars and restaurants. The reasoning is very clear; even with smoking and nonsmoking sections, nonsmoking patrons are exposed to secondhand smoke. The rights of smokers do not extend to allowing them to cause physical damage to nonsmokers. In this, I agree wholeheartedly. As a smoker, I do not have that right. However, my opinion shifts slightly when it comes to bars. The culture of many bars is that of a beer in one hand and a cigarette in another. It is simply the truth that smoking in many circles is considered cool or sexy. Banning smoking in bars would lead to a diminished bar culture, and reduced income for bar owners. Even if smoking were allowed on verandas, space limitations in places like Tokyo would lead to difficulties in compliance. However, in full-service restaurants, smoking bans should be strongly considered.

﻿I agree. The benefits of having a part-time job in college are just tremendous and now it is a good time for students to start working. I do believe that work is a little harder to come by now with the economy the way it is. It's pretty bad here in NZ but then I guess it is bad enough everywhere. On a positive note though, it's a chance for students to pick up some really useful knowledge and tools and also if they are lucky enough to get something, then they can use that on their resume when they go job-hunting. If they are having problems getting a job then they should look at doing some volunteer type of activities, anything that will fill up space on a blank resume. I do believe that it is important for the kids to stay positive and know that if they want their lives to improve or get the job that they want, they have to stay upbeat and optimistic as well as to keep attacking and be proactive. Companies really look for initiative in young recruits so it's a good time to practice with any skills that they think might be useful.

﻿We don't have the same problem with this in Australia that some other countries have experienced. The government just introduced immediate bans in several places and that was that. Oh there were a few feeble protests and a couple of television ads. But these didn't really come to much and I believe that this is because people are far more educated and aware about the dangers of smoking these days and they know that, like it or not, that is the way it is and that is the way it will stay. It really is for the best and I agree with any similar bans being implemented in Japan or anywhere else. There is no justification for smoking in restaurants which, when smokers light up, releases dangerous toxins into the air for anybody to breathe and puts everybody at high risk. I strongly urge Japan to take the plunge and introduce restaurant smoking bans as soon as possible. There maybe some backlash because Japan does have a large population and many of them are smokers but the government needs to stand firm with their decision. Eventually, people will come to accept the decision and the ban and just move on with their lives.

﻿I have mixed feelings about the matter of whether college students should have part-time jobs or not. The ideal situation would be for students to be able to focus on their studies and not have to worry about work. I know for my own experience that working part-time can cut into your study time and also make you tired, preventing you from doing your best in your academic work. Therefore, students should do everything they can to secure alternate sources of funding before they enroll in universities. Sources of funds that are available include grants, scholarships, and student loans. It is best to take care of this while still in high school so money will not be a concern when actually enrolled in college. However, many students do not have access to these sources of funding. Also, students may come from low income backgrounds and thus unable to receive support from their families. In such cases, getting a part-time job in order to make ends meet may be unavoidable. If that is the case, students should try to find jobs that will not interfere with their academic work. For example, if they have a strenuous job that makes them tired, it could prevent them from working on their academic pursuits to the best of their ability. Therefore, such draining jobs should be avoided. Also, the number of working hours should be kept to the minimum possible in order to prevent work from interfering with school.

﻿Although I've been living in the US for almost 15 years, when I was in university in college in the UK, it was not so common for college students to have a part-time job. Education assistance in the UK and the U. S. are very different, and I would assume that the Japanese educational system is very different as well. Of course, a part-time job can facilitate a student in becoming more responsible and otherwise be a more contributing member of the college or university, ball when I was in school no one had time to do anything other than study. This may also vary depending on the students program of study, and I would further assumed that there are probably students like we eat with almost no time to work, and on the opposite side, there are students with a lot of time to work. As a result of this, perhaps it is up to the student to decide if it is appropriate for them to have a part-time job or not. For some students, it could be very important, their time might be spent better investing that time in other pursuits. At least for my own experience, it is not so important for college students to have a part-time job.

﻿Smoking is one of those human activities that, in a way different from alcohol, has the potential to do considerable harm to others. It is also a big nuisance to people who do not smoke. Compared to drinking alcohol, another activity whose regulation has demanded countless hours of legislators' time, smoking is a "harmless" activity, at least in the sense that smoking a cigarette or three does not lead to an increased risk having a traffic accident. Yet the well-documented negative effects of second-hand smoke can pose serious health risks over a prolonged period of time to even completely healthy people, not to mention people who have respiratory conditions such as asthma. While there are few situations where a non-smoker must be nearby someone is smoking, the restaurant is probably the most common. In a closed space with poor ventilation, which describes most restaurants, second-hand smoke has a way of spreading throughout the entire place. This is often true even when a restaurant has designated-smoking areas. The big problem here is the fact that, while there are places to have a smoke outside of restaurants, there are few places other than restaurants where one can sit down, relax and have a bite to eat, other than of course one's home. For people whom cigarette smoke dulls the flavor of their food or aggravates their allergies, eating at a restaurant where smoking is allowed becomes something unenjoyable, and may cause them to not ever come back. This is why many restaurant owners do not need to fear any lost business: while they may lose customers who are smokers, they will gain new customers who prefer a smoke-free environment. Restaurants owners will also not have to replace their yellowed wallpaper every year, worry about supplying and emptying out ashtrays, and make more efficient use of the space in their restaurant thanks to being able to allocate all of it to non-smoking.

﻿I don't agree because it comes down to a civil liberties case, I think. It should be left up to the marketplace to decide and not put in the hands of the government. Since restaurants are usually a free enterprise entity, then they will know soon enough what the majority of their customers' want, when they see their cash flow statements at the end of each month. The smart operators will go with the money as they say and adapt their policies to suit their client's wishes. Others will simply go out of business by trying to be all things to everybody which is an impossible way to run a business and almost guarantees that they will fail. Once the pros and cons have been weighed up by both restaurant owners and patrons, they will more than likely resolve the smoking/non-smoking issue themselves, without government interference. By allowing free enterprise to go with what the market dictates, governments would be following the wishes of the majority of citizens anyway. People are under the illusion that governments rule countries when in fact, it is and always has been, the marketplace that dictates policy. Most governments will then just blindly adhere to whatever the polls infer or ups and downs in the marketplace, which also includes restaurants.

﻿I agree. I think that it goes without saying nowadays that nearly all college students will have to get a part-time job aside from any internships that they might do, unless of course it is a paying internship which there don't seem to be many of in the last couple of years. Why this sudden change. Well, I guess the economy has something to do with it and money is tight in most families in the USA right now. So students have to take matters into their own hands if they want extra dollars. I used to get thinking and get told that it was mainly for the work experience you know, like an internship. I'm not saying that internships are not important any more. It is just that right now, money seems to be the big problem so if the families have got any extra dollars to give the students, then it falls back to student s to pull their weight and chip something in too. Even an extra twenty or thirty dollars a week can help and it's not like they have to try and make a hundred grand part-time, just whatever they can to get along OK.

﻿All restaurants ban from smoking? You're joking right? Sounds like a lot of tosh to me but hey, stranger things have happened. Last I heard, Japan's voters, the majority of who are smokers, weren't too keen on that idea and cracked it down. I could have got it wrong of course and maybe it will happen. I'd support it for sure because we are used to it where I come from. Smoking bans that is. If we want to have a fag, then outside is the place to go unless they have special rooms in London for the gentleman's clubs. The only little pubs and restaurants that I were in when I was in Japan were all stuffy, cramped little places where it was hard enough to find a seat without trying to breathe as well. We need to think of the little ones you know. It's the kids we don't want to get started on smoking and it would be nice to take them to a clean air restaurant in Tokyo one day. Especially in winter when it's nice to stay indoors and stay warm without having to worry about the stink or my kids' health. Anyway, I hope Japan goes ahead with it.

﻿I think that I would agree but unless students get a reasonable wage from their part-time job, it may not be enough and it could very well be necessary to have 2 or more jobs just to make ends meet. In New Zealand, many students are struggling on the meagre earnings that they are currently earning and it is nigh on impossible for them to pay any education fees and have money to live on as well. Many receive no funding from their families at all and if they don't have a job, they may be entitled to some government assistance but even then, it is not enough. It is very difficult for them to study and try to survive if they are the only breadwinner and the drop-out rate has been climbing steadily. I believe that the governmental needs to provide greater support for those students whether that would be by some form of increased stimulus package or monetary payments, I don't know. What I do know is that they need to act fast before the situation gets even more out of hand than it already is. Clearly, these kids want to study but they need to be able to live as well and all they really asking for is just hand up not a handout.

﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I believe that helping to pay for their education, at least in part, helps students cultivate a sense of responsibility and to appreciate the opportunity to receive an education. It also helps to prepare students for the world that they will be entering after graduation. If they already have some working experience prior to graduation, students will be prepared for the challenges they will face in the working world. Working part-time while in college has also helped many students understand the purpose of their studies. They come to realize that an education will help them avoid a lifetime of low-paid, unchallenging jobs. If their part-time job is in the same field in which they are studying, for example, if a nursing student is able to work part-time in a hospital, they will gain a deeper understanding of their future field. Overall, I believe that focusing their energies on a part-time job is a better alternative for students then using those same hours in nonproductive activities, and that they will find themselves one step ahead, if not more, by building themselves educationally and economically at the same time.

﻿It should not be banned at all in Japan or anywhere else, at least not by governments. It's a personal choice and it is up to the restaurant bosses and their customers to decide, not governments. How much regulatory power do we want governments to have anyway? We vote the governments into power, we pay their overly large salaries and pay for all their perks too. They work for us or at least that's the way it is supposed to be. Let adults decide for themselves how they want to conduct business, provided that it is not illegal of course. What's the problem with that anyway? If people don't want to go to a smoking restaurant, then don't go. It's that easy really. Forcing people to go here, go there, don't do this and don't do that, is childish and taking away their basic human rights. As adults, we get to choose which restaurant we would like to eat at but some people argue that we should be told what to do when we get there. I mean, come on! Sounds dictatorial to me and what about the people who do smoke? Sure, they shouldn't go around blowing smoke where it is not welcome, but they are entitled to have somewhere to go to the same as non-smokers are. Get real Japan. Don't do it!

﻿I agree that it's important, but just not very practical these days. I understand that a lot of kids are doing it hard and struggling financially. However I think that they would be better off spending ninety-five percent of their time on studying. The reason that I think that is because jobs are hard enough to get now as it is and there are loads of people down at the local employment centre every week day now who have families to feed. Throwing more competition for them, like groups of students looking for part-time jobs, only makes it harder because a lot of companies will see a chance to get some cheap college labour rather than having to pay adult rates to older individuals. This may sound rather strange coming from a teacher and I understand the student's position, but I also understand the current economy too. If it comes down to prioritizing, then I think that we must keep the wage earners, who have to support their families, in mind first. On the other side of the coin, I know that a lot of students are fairly resilient and tenacious so, I think that they will still fair well. I certainly believe that their grades would improve and in the long run, provide them with better and more rewarding employment.

﻿If students need a job, then it is important. If they do not need the money, then it is not. This is specifically related to individual requirements and is not something that can be generalized into a one size fits all categories. While there are advantages and disadvantages in working part-time at university or college, this can only be decided by the student and what best fits their personal circumstances. Other factors to consider are the student's mental health and general well being because these will certainly be affected by increasing the student's workload and placing additional pressures on them. Under normal circumstances, most students seem quite capable of adapting to the additional responsibilities that come with a part-time job and are able to organise their schedules to a level that they feel comfortable with. There will be a few students however, who are incapable of dealing with these additions in a functional manner, until they acquire the skills to do so and can apply them in a way that seems less overwhelming to them and which allows them to function at the required levels. Universities and colleges need to be aware of these and have appropriate guidance from qualified counsellors freely available and easily assessable to students.

﻿I agree. Students get more experience, or perhaps their first job experience which will look very nice on their job applications. They certainly increase their workloads which may be good for some and bad for others which really depend on how the students handle pressure. A few weeks of working and fulfilling their study requirements will soon tell if they can deal with it or not. The money will always come in handy and some desperately need it. Possibly they will gain some transferable skills such as money management, time management, communications skills and it really depends on the kind of work they will be doing and whether they are able to integrate those skills into other areas of their lives. Overall, they will either make it or break it as far as dealing with pressure and stress goes. If anything goes wrong, I think that it is better to happen earlier in the college days than later because it will allow them time to rectify the situation. In some ways I feel that it would be good to screw up in minor ways so that they learn to be resilient and learn from their errors and move on to the next challenge.

﻿I do not smoke, and I consider smoking to be a dirty and unpleasant habit. It is also dangerous. However, I think that people should be free to indulge in unpleasant habits and dangerous activities as long as they harm no-one else. I enjoy skiing and mountain-climbing, both of which involve an element of risk, and I do not think they should be banned. Dangerous driving, on the other hand, is rightly illegal. The issue of smoking in public places is more complex. Smoking should be banned in all places of work, as it imposes risks on the employees beyond those that are strictly essential for the job. By analogy, construction workers sometimes have to carry out dangerous tasks, but they should be provided with adequate safety equipment, and should not have to carry out dangerous and inessential tasks. Therefore, smoking should be banned in all restaurants that have employees. In the case of restaurants run by a single individual or couple, in the abstract, I think that smoking should be permitted, as the owners and customers are free agents. I certainly think this principle applies in the case of a bar or cafe, as, if someone starts smoking, one can simply drink one's glass of beer or coffee and leave. However, the situation with respect to restaurants is more complicated, as a meal may last an hour or two, so one is committed to that time, and temporarily ceases to be a free agent; one cannot simply leave if someone starts smoking nearby. Therefore, on balance, I would say that smoking should be banned in all restaurants.

﻿I don't think so! School, university and college are all part of the learning years where everyone is supposed to get as much knowledge as they can, study hard, do good, graduate and be successful. That's the theory anyway and it falls far short of the reality. Students are expected to cram in as many of the books that educational institutions can lay their hands on, read them and sit for a series of large exams and tests that prove to be meaningless in the workplace. How can they do that and do it successfully, get good grades or scores and work as well? Something would have to give and I reckon that it would be their studies. It's a lot of information for anyone to cram in within a short space of time. If their time is divided between working, studying and generally just trying to have some sort of life while they are at college, that doesn't leave any time at all. Students are not robots or computers and need time to take everything in as well as some sort of learning system that supports their studies. If they have to work too and many do because they need the money, then how can they possibly devote enough time to study? It's just not that simple and education departments, governments and parents need to keep this in mind because it's the students who are constantly under pressure to do good. Why not give them the best chance to do well by relieving some of the financial and time pressures that many students suffer through just to get a piece of paper.

﻿I completely agree and I fail to see why Japan is dilly dallying about with this. For God's sake, smoking is killing people every day and it would be banned completely if I had my way. I mean really, if people can't make use of the good sense that God gave them, then where is all going to end? Death and sickness caused by smoking will only get worse, not better if something is not done soon. Governments are so concerned about the environment, the ozone layer and the ecology these days, which is a good thing in my book. So, I have difficulty in understanding why banning smoking is not high on their list of priorities. These deaths and sicknesses are preventable because it is not a matter of good luck or bad luck that causes them. It is human error and behaviour, which can be corrected. We spend time and money educating our children in school and yet we do not spend an equal amount of money in enforcing what we are teaching once they leave school. I can only come to the conclusion that it is because of money. There is more money collected in allowing smoking through taxes and earnings than if smoking were to be banned. Every little bit helps and banning smoking in all restaurants in Japan and everywhere else, would certainly lower the human cost as far as death and sickness goes.

﻿I agree because it teaches students to take on more responsibility, gives them some extra income and allows them to get some very real work experience. It is important that students learn that they have to earn sooner or later and I think that having a part-time job gives them the perfect introduction as to what life will really be like when they enter their new jobs on a full-time basis. If I were in college, I would be getting as many part-time jobs that I could squeeze in, because I want to have many different experiences. So, when and if I travel, I have more than one set of skills that I can fall back on if I need to get some type of job while I'm away. I guess it can't be easy though, because with all the study and all and loads of other students also looking for part-time jobs, it must get frustrating for them sometimes. Then again though, if they experience a lot of problems at college, then they get better at dealing with them which have got to help them later in life. I mean, because they have faced some challenges, then they get better at dealing with them and stronger mentally.

﻿You bet it is. Problem is that there aren't that many part-time jobs to be had where I live. Mind you, it would still be good for the kids who need a few quid. If they can get on the job training, that's great. There are nothing like hands on training to get them ready for a real work. The problem is you see that it's their expectations of what they think they are going to do and what they end up doing that wouldn't always click. If they had some training beforehand then they'd know what it's all about or at least have some idea. Do them good I believe and they could get some basic skills alternatively. That's very important to have too because you've got to know the basics. Some of the working hours might be a bit tricky to fit in with their classes but if they think about it a bit and come up with a plan and follow the plan because you've got to stick to it then they should be fine, no worries at all. Also want to be careful that some of these bosses don't try to take advantage of them you know like using them for slave labour and the like.

﻿Yes, for the love of God, please ban smoking at Japanese restaurants. I have spent too much time in a hospital watching otherwise beautiful and pleasant people suffer from their decision to smoke cigarettes, and so I have been vehemently opposed to all forms of tobacco usage since I began working in the hospital. There is nothing more painful than watching someone go really slowly and painfully, and this is what happens to almost all smokers who come into our hospital. Not only does smoking have immediate impacts upon your short-term health, it also really affects the last years of your life. What might have been otherwise tolerable aches and pains from old age will instead become excruciating injuries and exhausting diseases. I think that they should even go so far as to make a rule that would make it illegal to smoke at any public place. I know that smokers have rights and they are people just like everyone else, but they do not have enough respect for human life to make decisions of this nature. I really hope that the world as a whole will take a more serious stance against smoking, and I hope that as part of this, the poor people of Japan who are subjected to cigarette smoke will also find some solace.

﻿This goes against the very fabric of society and is absolutely ridiculous to think that any Government let alone Japan, thinks that this will be an effective long-term solution. This issue belongs in the private sector not the government and that is exactly where it should get sorted out. It really does smack of'Big Brother' imposing their will on everybody again. I am not sure about the Japanese constitution and I know that there are bans here in the UK as well as several other countries, but I disagree with them too. Why not allow the people and the restaurants to sort it out? After all, that's what the marketplace does best to sort the wheat from the chaff. Governments are already sticking their noses into far too many areas that don't concern them as it is and they need to be reigned in before they take over everything. Potential customers will cast their votes with their cash, they will either go to a smoking restaurant or they won't. I know that in the UK, we see big lines or groups of people standing out in the freezing cold just to have a smoke. Why do they have to do that? It's not necessary and will not solve the problem in the finish.

﻿I agree and just wonder why it has taken Japan so long to apply such an ordinary rule? It is blatantly obvious that restaurants and their customers in Japan have pretty much just been happy enough to allow this situation to go nowhere except worsen. The apathy that has been displayed by all parties is pretty pathetic really and I think that since it hasn't been resolved in so long yet, a large portion of the rest of the world has moved forward with this already, doesn't speak very highly for the leadership. This should not be a negotiation or compromise situations, there is nothing to compromise on. Cigarette deaths and connected diseases are killing thousands every year. The highest medical authorities in the world have all concurred that smoking is killing people at an alarming rate yet is increasing year by year. I would say that the time to introduce bans would have been when the evidence proved beyond reasonable doubt that this was what was happening. I mean that this is not a theory these are hard core facts so I think that it is time Japan got off there behinds and became more proactive in their efforts.

﻿As a part-time nurse, this question really strikes home, because I've been doing it for a long time. I've been working as a part-time nurse ever since I was in college, and it has already been a great experience. It is really satisfying to see how your work can help others, and it is really great to see the smile of a family when one of their loved ones becomes well. Similar to this, I'm sure that there are many perks to other part-time jobs, and different students will find different pleasures from different endeavors. For me, I was lucky enough to find a good husband who brings in most of that income in our household, so I don't really have to worry about having a fulltime job. If I had not met him, I would probably have been much more motivated to finish my degree and find a full time gig so that I could support myself. This goes to show then there are a variety of individuals in the world, and each individual's situation is so unique that it is difficult to make a broad or all expansive judgment that will hold true for everyone. This is another way to say that the student should decide for himself or for herself if a part-time job is a good way to spend their time.

﻿I agree and it should have been done a long time ago. I think there have to be some places where people can smoke though, just not public places. Smoking should be limited to designated areas or at the very least, away from those that don't smoke and the young and elderly. I understand that there is a democracy in Japan and that all citizens have rights. I would add that those rights also extend to people who don't smoke and especially children who are not only easily influenced when they see their peers smoking but are also still developing and do not always have a choice as to the kind of air that they breathe in. I feel that it is high time that all governments and not only Japan played a more aggressive role in cleaning up the air that we breathe on a daily basis. We see and hear about many environmental concerns ranging from industrial to household wastage yet there are thousands of smokers exhaling contaminated smoke into the air everyday which we hear less about. Smoking endangers not only smokers, but those who choose to live a smoke free existence as well. Japan should not only issue a restaurant ban, but a complete smoking ban in all public places including parks, which is where most people go to get some fresh air and exercise.

﻿Whether are not smoking should be allowed in Japanese restaurants would appear to be a choice that is completely up to the Japanese citizens. I don't have much advice to offer them on the pros or cons of such a legislation because I do not understand their culture. Despite this, there are many reasons why discouraging smoking especially in restaurants makes sense given the patronage of other clients and especially small children. It is well known that secondhand smoke is much more dangerous than first hand smoke, and the worst thing is that secondhand smokers do not have any choice in whether they will smoke or not. The selfishness and self centeredness of many smokers seems to be unrealized by the smokers themselves, and they do not seem to understand that what to them as an enjoyable experience or even a hard to break habit can have serious health consequences for people they don't even know. If they smoke around their families, then they are effectively harming the people that matter to them most, and it is beyond me why they would continue to do so if they really love their families. For these two reasons, banning smoking in restaurants in Japan may be a good move for the Japanese populace as a whole.

﻿I believe that it is important for students to gain a sense of taking responsibility for their lives, including financially. Regardless of whether their college fees are being funded by their parents, scholarships or by some other means, I feel that it would benefit students greatly, if they were to contribute financially in some way. Whether that is by buying their own books, financing daily living expenses or just paying for their leisure activities, I think that this would assist students with gaining a deeper understanding of the value of money, encourage savings and provide insights towards effective financial planning. Other benefits to be gained would include; additional job experience which, if they were fortunate enough to get a part-time job in their chosen career field, be looked favorably upon by future, prospective employers. The additional job experience would also contribute to their professional development by instilling a responsible work ethic in that they have an obligation to turn up on time and perform and complete tasks at an acceptable, business level. Finally, they would also gain a sense of pride and accomplishment in knowing that they were playing an active role in shaping their lives and not relying on just getting a free ride. For many students, they are in college with a view towards graduating with skills and abilities that will enable them to both, pursue their chosen career paths and or become gainfully employed. The benefits of having a part-time job as described in this essay, would assist them greatly in their future endeavors.

﻿Some people may argue these days that students should not take part-time jobs while attending college, but I disagree. I think that a large majority of students want to work anyway, for many reasons. Perhaps it may be to assist with repaying their parents for funding their education or maybe they need to pay for self-funding. Regardless of their motives, working part-time, aside from the monetary gains, allows students to gain important professional, social skills not found in college. By that I mean, how to conduct themselves and interact within the work environment. If it is their first job, then they will also learn organizational and time management skills which they will surely need if the intend to work and study at the same time. They may even be fortunate enough to be employed in an area that is connected to their studies. If not, then any form of legal employment would be beneficial to them in one way or another. If they plan their time accordingly, it will still leave ample time for social activities, extra studies or even take on supplementary short courses that compliment their career goals if they choose to do so. The positives of being employed early in their careers, far outweigh any negative arguments to the contrary.

﻿I agree and would support bans of this nature anywhere. The question is would the Japanese Government be prepared to back it up if they were to introduce a restaurant ban on smoking? The reason that I ask, is that there is sure to be some sort of uproar from the huge smoking population that Japan has. If the government were to prohibit smoking in restaurants, how would they police and enforce it? There is no doubt in my mind that bans of this nature help to protect other restaurant goers. But I wonder whether or not the government would back down if enough citizens protested on this particular issue? Even though ninety-nine percent of the free world knows and accepts the dangers of smoking and passive smoking, there are some who still shed a tear or have some sympathy for the smokers. Maybe they are friends of theirs or relatives, I have no idea but the bottom line is that we must all keep the greater good of all in mind and sometimes it is necessary to make tough decisions that will be far from popular. It is important that we stand fast when we know what is in the best interests of the majority.

﻿Banning smoking in restaurants and prohibiting smoking in all public spaces is long overdue in Japan. While they have imposed some bans, they have yet to take the vital step of including all public areas. I am certain that if a survey were to be contacted that around 4 out every six people would agree that smoking in restaurants should be banned. I smoke and even I don't like smoking and eating and I would never think of inflicting my cigarette fumes on to others and always look for a designated smoking area. I believe that out of such a survey, other smokers, like me, would also agree. I don't think that it is because all smokers don't care about others, I know that I do, but I choose to smoke for myself and I choose not cause discomfort to others because of my choices. There are many smokers who don't care and that is why I believe that governments should step in and lay the law down rather than wait. The longer that governments hesitate to act, the more people that will suffer and there is enough and has been enough of that already. People elect governments to govern and that is what they should do, govern prudently but firmly.

﻿As an accountant, I believe that this is important and would go a long way towards improving student's financial education. Students can learn first hand, valuable financial skills such as budgeting, basic assets and liabilities assessment and the dollar value of compounding, as well as the implications that this can have on their financial futures. It is a great opportunity indeed, if they learn it, understand it and most importantly, apply it. I believe that students need to take a broader perspective when assessing the value of part-time jobs simply because it is more than just a little extra cash or immediate financial relief. I know from experience that while most colleges and financial institutions do teach sound financial basics, there are still many students who fail to understand the true power of numbers in the dollar sense. Further, I would say that there are many people who do learn sound money management but fail to develop true financial acumen which is more than just adding numbers, it is about investing prudently and having their investments work for them rather than them working for their investments. If students were taught true financial acumen and then learned to apply it much like'on the job training' with their earnings from part-time work, they would not only improve the quality of their own lives but if everyone also applied those principles, then it would surely give the economy a much needed boost.

﻿I disagree because I believe that it would distract too much from the students studies and the reason that students often fail or drop out of college is because of too many distractions and not enough study. Working at a part-time job would create too much pressure on the student and would prevent the student from allocating the majority of their time to studying which is the sole reason they are at college in the first place. If the student has no need to work then I strongly recommend that devote eighty percent of their time studying. They will accomplish far more by zeroing in on their study materials striving for high scores on their tests and graduating, and then they can get a job. In the meantime, students should forget about working and do the only job that students are meant to be doing at college and that is studying. There will always be exceptions to the rule and college is no different in that there will be students that need to work because of monetary reasons and if that is the case then the students will just have to work and hopefully, they will still do well and graduate without too many problems.

﻿I disagree. If students spend a lot of their time working then that is going to cut into the time that they should be spending on their studies. There may also be travel time lost going backwards and forwards and unless the job is relevant to their future careers it will not be useful work experience. Usually, college students are working part-time jobs for the money and this is OK of course. Some students may come from affluent families and might not need the cash. If the latter is the case then it really isn't too important that they have a part-time job. The only time that they need bother with work if at all, is maybe to serve an internship somewhere. College is for study and I believe that is what students should be spending their time on mostly so they have a chance at graduating with solid scores. Being involved with anything else is only going to take them away from their main study goals. Some leisure time is fine because it gives them a chance to unwind a bit and take their mind off things. I worked my way through college and I know how stressful it was for me quite a bit of the time and although I graduated, if I was doing it all again, I would make sure that I had the cash upfront first.

﻿I agree and do believe it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Indeed, upon graduating from university, I already had part-time work experience in nine different jobs. Although the main "job" of a college student is to study, the reality is that most can easily hold one or two part-time jobs without having their grades suffer. The college years are an ideal time in one's life to explore one's interests and engage in a variety of unique experiences. This is because the only obligation most students have is to make the most of their time in college and to graduate. Any job experience gained in college will allow the student to make a more informed choice in the future when they enter the adult job market where one's choice of full-time employment will have far-reaching and more long-term consequences. For example, constant job switching as an adult will make it difficult for one to be promoted, receive raises in salary, or become more expert in their field. In short, college students should take advantage of the opportunity to job-hop while it is permissible in the eyes of society. Post-graduation experimentation in the job market will be frowned upon so the ability to make an informed decision regarding one's occupation as early as possible is most beneficial.

﻿I disagree I'm afraid. I believe that now, academic workloads are fairly hefty and the pressure to do exceptionally well is extremely high. Students are not just wanting to graduate now a large portion of students are all striving to graduate within the top ten of their respective courses. Students are not stupid and they know what is going on in the world and understand that it is not enough to just graduate or just pass exams, if they really want to achieve something in their careers, then they need to excel. To do that, they must devote as much of their time to study as they possibly can which doesn't leave a lot of time for work or play. I have seen a few exceptional students who have graduated at the top of their course and held a job simultaneously, but these were in the minority. The big recruiting companies in Australia are very choosy these days. For one thing, the economy dictates that they are more discerning and secondly, they know they can afford to wait and pick the best and unless the part-time job is directly related to their field of study, it doesn't carry as much weight as it previously did.

﻿At best, I see bans as a band aid fix and am yet to be convinced that they have any positive, long-term value that could not be achieved through the use of decent extraction systems which would negate the need to make smokers feel that they are being ostracised in some way. Having seen the results of bans in the UK and some parts of New York and Boston in the USA, I do not agree that these are the best solution. What they do is further fan the feelings of discontent and persecution amongst smokers and achieve nothing that could not be gained through the effective use of modern technology and without the need for alienating people. I think that governments like Japan need to re-evaluate any research that has led them to the conclusion that introducing bans is the only effective alternative. Furthermore, I don't believe that governments should infringe in the private sector area apart from policing standard law and order policies that are already in place. By doing so, I feel that it creates the impression of a dictatorial style of government rather than that of a democratic entity. Not being familiar with the Constitution of Japan, I cannot comment on whether this might also be viewed as a civil rights issue.

﻿I agree very strongly with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. The recent trend worldwide is for smoking in public places to be banned - and there are good reasons for this. Chief among these is that through second-hand smoke, smoking is dangerous for everyone - not just smokers. This is especially a concern for restaurant workers. It is unfair to expect people to have to work in this kind of environment, but without a ban, restaurant employers will continue to demand their employees work in smoke-filled restaurants and employees will have no choice but to accept or face losing their jobs. Smoking in restaurants is not just bad for restaurant employees, it is also a massive inconvenience for non-smoking patrons of the restaurant too. Whether there is a smoking area or not makes little to no difference, because smoke travels. People go to restaurants expecting to enjoy good food, but instead find their enjoyment is spoiled because they can only smell smoke - not the food. Of course, at first, restaurant owners would be likely to oppose a ban. Just like in other countries where a ban has been brought in, it can be expected that they will argue that their sales will suffer. But, like in other countries, they would soon see the benefits of a smoke-free environment. Their employees would be healthier and happier and non-smokers would come to restaurants in droves. Smokers too, would soon realize that going outside or to a special smoking room is a small price to pay to enjoy smoke-free food. In short, a smoking ban really would be the best for everyone.

﻿I agree provided that they balance their time well. College is one of the most important times in many young people's lives. It is therefore important that they learn to balance their time in between work and study so that they do not succumb to the pressure of trying to cope with both. Having a job as early as possible is important because apart from making them more appealing to future companies, they will learn valuable skills that will assist them in transitioning from college to full-time employment. It is also important that they learn to start paying their own way as soon as possible and learn to take care of their own financial affairs without needing the assistance of anyone aside from a professional CPA. But I think that work and study balance is the most critical concern because if they can learn that, then this will carry over into work and life balance once they start full-time work. If they can't balance their work and study schedules in college then it is hard to see how they will manage their business schedules and still hang on to their jobs. This is absolutely essential in today's fast paced, information world. They have to learn to keep up or they will be left behind.

﻿I think that it is extremely important. With the economy the way it is now, students need to learn very early that the best chance at success that they have is by taking financial responsibility for themselves as soon as possible. Further, if they want to get ahead, then they also need to get as many skills and as much work experience as they can. Getting a job is not as easy as it used to be and it is very tough in New Zealand at the moment just as it is in many countries. Many companies are simply not hiring and a lot of recruitment programs have been put on hold in the larger corporations. Students also have to expect that they might not get the job that they want as soon as they graduate, but if they had some kind of work experience they would have a good chance at getting some other kind of work in the meantime. They need to be mentally tough and prepared that life might just not fall into place in the way that they expect and have a few alternative strategies rather than just one big plan to land their dream jobs.

﻿Smoking is a rather harmful and otherwise seemingly stupid habit, but it is very common in the UK. If it is as common in Japan as it is in the UK, I think the Japanese restaurants would be hard pressed to go about completely banning smoking in all of the restaurants. The tobacco industry has a long history and is additionally quite a large business, so it would also be apprehensive to allow any rules that would cut into its profits. From the standpoint of health, however, it is absolutely a good idea to ban smoking in restaurants. I feel especially bad for the little tikes who have to breathe and their mummy's or daddy's cigarette smoke, and there are also more likely to get sick compared to an adult. For the sake of the children, why don't we encourage smokers to be a little bit more thoughtful and their choices of avenues to enjoy a puff, and furthermore, why don't we encourage nonsmokers to seek restaurants where they will not be as likely to encounter cigarette smoke. This way, everybody wins, and the state of affairs does not have to change too much. Solutions like this are often the most popular any ways.

﻿I believe so. It gives students some sort of education about the real power of money rather than just earning and saving. It did for me and I learned very quickly about how to make my small part-time wage work for me and not just by putting it into a savings account to grow at a snails pace with some form of low, annual interest. No way in the world! I am not saying that saving isn't important just that it is only a small part of our financial portfolios. Students would learn about budgeting and paying their bills etc. and hopefully, with the right guidance, learn some basic investment strategies. I suppose that for a lot of students, they need the job to pay fees or living costs etc. but if they could look at the possibilities beyond those points and as I mentioned previously, receive some form of guidance or better yet, a sound financial strategy, then they would have made a good head start towards securing their financial future. They won't get this from just every part-time job that they do or boss that they work for though. So, I think that it would be good for universities/colleges to provide the guidance that I mentioned and the students would also benefit from the knowledge that while the job itself might be a lot less than they desire, it still presents a financial opportunity that can be turned to their advantage on a larger scale than they first thought.

﻿I strongly agree simply because we need to ask ourselves what is most important in this situation, human life or monetary gain. I feel that most people would agree that human life is far more important and since we only have one life, it is important that we do what we can to protect ourselves and each other, from unnecessary risks and dangers. Smoking is risky and smoking is dangerous and I feel that most reasonable people would have no problem in accepting bans on smoking in restaurants or anywhere else where smoke poses a threat to human health. I f restaurant owners were to calculate the figures correctly, they would soon understand that they wouldn't make as much profit if their customers started dying off or were to ill to dine at their restaurants. Whatever monies were lost due to an initial ban would be recoverable over a longer period of time. From a moral point of view, restaurants should not have any problem with accepting bans because of the obvious dangers smoking poses to their customers. Neither should Japan's government hesitate in introducing these bans based on the public's approval. In spite of whether the public or restaurants approve or disapprove, the bans should be put into effect.

﻿I agree because students aside from a minority, who do engage in part-time positions while at college generally tend to perform and function better than many of their counterparts. I believe this can be attributed to the extra discipline and responsibility that is required to engage in work at study at the same time. Added to this is the extra skill that must be learned in order to be successful in both endeavours and you may end up with a reasonably well rounded student. That's just my opinion of course but I do believe that I have seen enough test cases to support my opinion and if one were to survey any group f colleges and conduct some preliminary research, I also feel that it would also prove my theory to some extent. Not everyone is successful though however the drop off rate is considerably low compared to the number of students who take on part-time work. Generally speaking I feel that it is till important for all students to work part-time because if they don't try then they will never know what the outcome would have been and also because of the opportunity to learn additional skills to supplement there college studies.

﻿I don't think that I can agree with this because here in the States, it hasn't worked out very well when they introduced bans here in a few cities. I guess that the air is a bit cleaner but now, everybody that smokes just goes outside so all that is happening really, is that they are just transferring the smoke from on location to another. One of my buddies says that he likes to smoke in the fresh air anyway. Seriously though, Japan has a lot of people and space is at premium so if everybody goes outside to smoke, then there won't be much room to move and they will block all the pedestrian walkways and in some suburbs, the small streets will be blocked as well. While there are serious risks for everybody that inhales smoke, moving it from one location to another is not going to solve the problem and will just create new problems. I think that the best thing to do is to just have separate restaurants for smokers and non-smokers. People can still eat the same foods and it just becomes a case of geography as to where they eat. Problem solved as far as the restaurant side of things goes.

﻿There are many benefits for students who do engage in part-time work at college such as providing valuable work experience that will improve future labour market prospects. Even if it means taking on some volunteer work, especially if they can do this in a sector that is related to their career choice, it will all help when it comes time to go job hunting. This will also allow students to gain some hands on experience which will give them a more realistic view of what kind of work their career will revolve around. The job market is highly competitive these days and job seekers face some stiff competition from highly motivated graduates and experienced workers who may perhaps all be vying for the same job. It is critical that students give themselves as many advantages that they can and it is never too early to start building upon their skills base, They never know when they might need those skills and the time spent on the job while still at college, will never prove to be a waste. While it may require some additional dedication and time management skills, the advantages gained from this undertaking, far outweigh the minor sacrifices that might be required.

﻿This is a great idea and I wholeheartedly agree. With all the knowledge that we have available to us related to smoking, passive smoking and associated diseases, there is no reason in the world why anybody should be smoking these days anyway. I think that it would be a good thing for Japan even though I believe that there would be some initial resistance to the ban. It would be for the greater good of all concerned and it should take effect as soon as possible. Some may argue that restaurants would lose money, but I believe that over a period of time, Japanese people and visitors to Japan would come to accept the ban in the normal course of events. Additionally, Japan may want to consider imposing a ban on smoking in all public places and not just restrict it to restaurants only. I feel that health care costs would be lowered which in turn would provide some relief to the economy in a small way. The upside being that the risk of contracting smoking related diseases would also be lowered considerably if this were to happen. All in all, I feel that this would provide some safeguards for those who don't smoke and it would also inspire more confidence in the Japanese Government.

﻿Smoking should be banned in all public places in every country right now! The sooner the better because I work in the health care industry and I get to see first-hand, the affects of smoking and the damage that it causes. The number of deaths in New Zealand has risen sharply in the past two years and also the number of smoking related health issues. People are not forced to smoke, it is not compulsory and the number of deaths that it causes is completely preventable. All governments, including the Japanese Government are also aware of the medical statistics that show clearly that the death rate is climbing and illnesses caused by smoking, even passive smoking, are at an all time high. I fail to understand how any responsible government could allow this to continue and turn a blind eye or wait and see what the next survey/poll results are. It's disgusting that smoking is allowed in public eating places, polluting the very food that people are paying to eat. More and more non-smoking restaurants are popping up all over the place and we teach our children in school about the dangers of smoking, yet governments are reluctant to take a stronger position on this issue and just say no more. If a pack of cigarettes was filled with twenty terrorists or even suspected terrorists, how fast would governments act? To me, there is no difference to a pack of twenty smokes or a pack of twenty terrorists. They are all killers and a danger to the public.

﻿I believe that this would be an infringement upon both the proprietors and the customer's civil rights. While I can certainly understand health and escalating insurance fee concerns, I believe that the choice of smoking in restaurants is up to individual preference. Nobody could argue effectively that smoking is not dangerous, both to those who smoke or indeed, for those around them. Many health studies have already provided irrefutable, scientific evidence that smoking can kill and that passive smoking i. e. inhaling secondary smoke in the surrounding air, is just as risky. However, as true as that may be, individuals still have the right to choose under a democratic government. I do concede that issues like crime etc, are not and should not be up for debate as these are commonsense matters that should be banned. My point being, that while tobacco remains a legal substance under Japanese law which, is freely available to legal age purchasers at any public convenience store or public vending machine, then it would be rather contradictory and hypocritical, to introduce a complete ban on restaurant smoking when they are open for business to the general public. Just the same is it would be if alcohol came under a restaurant ban Japan wide. I strongly believe that Japanese restaurants should be forced to introduce more stringent measures to protect non-smoking patrons and also provide for the comfort of legal smokers. Simply sending smokers outside or forcing them into small, glass rooms with poor ventilation and inadequate smoke removal appliances, is unacceptable. Conversely, seating non-smokers next to smoking tables or sections is totally ineffective and simply serves as a aesthetic effect only. As stated, a ban is not acceptable, but regulated restaurant environmental control, should be mandatory. Age: 51, Gender: Male, Occupation: Consultant, Country of Birth: New Zealand, Nationality: Australian

﻿I agree that it is important. Students quite often think that everything should just be given to them on a sliver platter. Especially the ones that do not have to pay for tuition because it is being paid for by their parents. Having a part-time job would teach them that they have to do some work to get paid and that when they enter a company, their company expects them to do good work and perform their jobs correctly in order to keep their jobs. This would teach them some kind of work ethic and to have some responsibility. They would soon come to understand that they have to do this consistently and therefore, have some discipline and pride in the work that they do. If they don't do a good job, they will get fired and that is just the way it is. Having a part-time job while they are still at college will get them started on the right track towards keeping a full-time job when they get their degrees. If they get fired while they are still at college then it won't be as bad as getting fired from a full-time job and they can learn from the experience, continue their studies and move on.

﻿Students need to get some form of employment experience as soon as possible so that they may compete in the marketplace. They would also learn some valuable skills to assist them in making the transition from college to full-time employment. Having a part-time job would give them a little more credibility when applying for jobs and teach them things like organizing their time, responsibility and accountability which are the basic requirements in most jobs. Unless students join the military, they will also require a certain amount of problem solving skills and be able to think independently. Having a part-time job would at least expose them to these areas so that they can see for themselves what is considered to be the normal standard and the minimum level that they would have to function at. Surprisingly, I find that many students are completely oblivious to even the most basic workplace 101 requirements and are in dire need of a reality check. If they had part-time work experience then they would be better prepared to handle the transition from college to work more readily. I also feel that most employers would expect that students had done some form of work or served an internship during their college years and have a grasp of the work environment.

﻿Smoking in public areas and restaurants should be banned in Japan. I have lived here on and off for a few years and one thing that really irks me is inhaling other people's filthy cigarette smoke against my will. I think that it is about time that smoking in public places and restaurants in Japan was prohibited once and for all. I refuse to sit in a restaurant with smokers and eat a meal because the last thing I want to do is chew my food combined with the flavour of someone's leftover smoke fumes. It is bad enough when I am walking down the street behind someone smoking a cigarette. Unless the wind is blowing the opposite way, the smoke always blows back in my face and I try to hold my breath as I quickly walk past them. I realize that they have the right to smoke but what about my rights not to smoke or breathe it in when I am walking down a public street. My exhaling is not going to hurt them but when they smoke and exhale, it could very well kill me or cause me to get ill if it happens enough times.

﻿I don't agree that it is really. There are many arguments for and against but really, they are the same tired old stories that have been going around for years and have no relevance or little relevance to the individual except when they espouse that this topic, is subjective to the student's needs and not what the experts think they need to do. If I am a millionaire doing a degree for whatever reasons that I may have, why the hell would I need to get a job at the local pub washing dishes or cleaning floors? It's a crock that armchair experts like to sprout off about, like they are sharing some divine wisdom with the world. If a kid comes from a poorer area or family and manages to make it into college or university, then it only stands to reason that the kid may be a prime candidate for needing and getting a job. Nothing wrong with that and good on them for making things happen in their lives even if it means a bit of sacrifice and doing it tough for a while. There you have it, two separate scenarios where the student either needs to work or they don't so if the student needs to get a job then yes, it is important to have a part-time job at college. If the millionaire doesn't need to get a job then no, it isn't important to have a job. Nothing complicated about the topic really, like I said, it's subjective and maybe important or unimportant.

﻿Well, they have introduced similar bans in Australia but we have yet to see any dramatic reductions in smoker's deaths or related diseases. For general health and safety though, I agree that Japan should ban smoking in restaurants. Just because we have not seen anything dramatic in Australia yet, does not mean that it will not improve the situation. I think that it is a good decision for everyone to have worldwide bans on restaurant smoking, even for people who smoke. One less cigarette has got to be a good thing in my book and it so much more pleasant to enjoy dinner without feeling the need to order an oxygen mask every time I go to a restaurant. I think that it would be a great decision on Japan's part if they did especially since Japan is known to have a large population of heavy smokers. I think that it is important that governments act decisively and not diddle around like schoolchildren out on their first date. Good for Japan if they do I think and even though it might take a bit of effort to police the law, it would be well worth it if even one life was saved.

﻿Based on personal experience, I would have to agree. In this day and age, I believe that it is essential for college students to get as much'on the job' experience as they can get. We find ourselves in a highly competitive period of time. With the recent global recession, the situation has only worsened and the job market is even more competitive than it has ever been. I was laid off when my company went bankrupt and despite my IT degree, found myself suddenly jobless, along with thousands of others and my degree, while helpful, did not help me land my current position. I got this job because I held a part-time sales position while at college and after successfully completing my degree and waiting to take up a new position with an IT company, I spent several months working in sales again. This stood me in good stead as it turns out, because it was because of this sales experience, limited though it was, which helped me get the job I am in now. So yes, I would advise all college students that it is important to have a part-time job if for nothing else than to gain some type of work experience which may prove useful in the future, as it did for me.

﻿I disagree that is should be banned by any government anywhere. This is a personal choice situation between smokers, non-smokers and the restaurants. The government has no business being involved in any restaurant bans. While it is understood that there is no question that smoking causes disease and numerous deaths in Japan and other countries each year, unless the government own the restaurants. Then it is clearly a private issue in which the government should not be involved. As to the ban, I would say that if non-smokers don't link sharing restaurants with smokers then the best thing to do is not go to smoking restaurants. Smokers have just as much right to be on private property smoking if the owner of the property allows them to and if they are not breaking any laws. If restaurants wish to ban smoking on their property and convert to a non-smoking restaurant then that is the right to do so and they should not have this dictated to them by any government. By the same token, if we allow governments to intervene in the private sector whenever they like, then the government would then be stepping out of government mode and becoming a business entity which it should never do.

﻿Smoking is not nearly as socially acceptable as it once was. In days gone by, most men smoked in Japan. These days, however, smoking is becoming less and less acceptable as the risks involved with smoking become better understood. As a result of this, there has been much pressure to curb the amount of smoke that pollutes the air in public places. I agree that smoking should be severely restricted in restaurants. The reason for this is the danger of secondhand smoke. Smoking does not just hurt the person who is smoking a cigarette; it also pollutes the air and is inhaled by people around the smoker. Studies have shown that secondhand smoke can cause cancer. Therefore, you can get cancer from the smoking of other people even if you do not smoke yourself. The upshot of this is that whenever you go out in public and people are smoking around you, you run the risk of being exposed to secondhand smoke and therefore potentially developing cancer later in life. Thus you should be able to go to restaurants without being exposed to this danger. There are other reasons that smoking should not be allowed in restaurants. The smoky atmosphere in a restaurant that allows smoking can make people inside the restaurant stank of cigarette smoke even if they don't smoke themselves. Also, some people are allergic to cigarette smoke and would have a bad reaction if they were to be exposed to it. Therefore, I definitely think that smoking in restaurants in Japan should be banned. People should be able to go to whatever restaurant they desire without having to worry about being exposed to secondhand smoke that could cause cancer, ending up speaking of cigarette smoke, or being exposed to the risk of suffering from an allergic reaction. Because of all these reasons, smoking should be eliminated from public restaurants in the country.

﻿I used to think that smoking should be outlawed and that all smokers were idiots but then I kind of changed my mind on this. I have a lot of friends and they live all around the world so there are many viewpoints to consider. Cigarettes are bad for everyone of this I have no doubt but when you think about it, so are ice cream, soda and candy. I mean too much of eating that stuff can kill everybody too. So I think that who am I to sit in judgment on smokers when I have found that the smokers who are my friends are quite artistic, sociable, likable and just all around nice people except they happen to smoke. I guess that they are free to do as they like and I have since come to the conclusion that while I don't believe that all smokers are idiots, I still think that it should be banned in public places and also restaurants. There are thousands of smokers all over the world and while we might not be able to get them to quit, then at least we can protect some of our spaces and the air that we breathe by restricting them. It's not healthy to smoke at any time but it is even worse to smoke while you're eating. So I say, go ahead Japan and issue a ban in all restaurants.

﻿I believe that is a fairly broad and generic statement and I would have to disagree. Commonsense and schoolboy logic dictates that it is only important for college students to have a part-time job if either, they need the money or it is part of an internship. I know that with my own daughter, she is working by choice, three afternoons per week because I told her that while I was happy to pay for her education that did not include paying for entertainment seven days per week. She does have friends however, who are not so fortunate and they are paying their way through college as best they can under the circumstances. I think that it is tough enough for college students these days to excel in college without having to work as well. In some respects, I feel that those who have to work harder for it, do make some gains in character building but I also believe that given the right upbringing and supportive environment, these could also be had without working while trying to study at the same time. The marketplace is a lot tougher these days and I believe that it is in each student's best interests to focus on study and graduation first, as much as their individual circumstance will allow. In my opinion, this is a full-time endeavor on its own.

﻿I strongly believe that smoking should be completely banned at all of the restaurants in Japan. This belief springs from an awareness of the harm that smoking does not only to the smoker, but to persons in the surrounding area as a result of secondhand smoke. Not only is it unhealthy to have nearby persons smoking while one is eating, but cigarette smoke also detracts from the pleasantness and hygiene of the environment. When smoking was first banned from restaurants in the United States, there was a huge outcry from both smokers and the owners of the eating establishments. Restaurant owners believed that business would plunge. Later studies showed, however, that there was no effect whatsoever on business performance figures, and that public opinion strongly supported the move. Today, restaurants are cleaner and more hygienic, and provide an attractive atmosphere more conducive to leisurely conversation as a result of the ban on smoking. Public smoking also sets a poor example for children and young people, who see smoking as a natural part of everyday activities rather than being educated in the harm caused by cigarette smoke. Overall, banning smoking in restaurants and other public places contributes to improved health, cleanliness, and atmosphere. I strongly believe that Japan should follow the model set by restaurants in other countries, and should initiate a complete ban on smoking in restaurants.

﻿I agree that it is. Too many students don't understand the value of money and this would only add to their further education. There is no better way to increase financial skills than actually earning and controlling your own money. Many people do this very badly and they end up in serious trouble or even bankruptcy. If students start earning and learning as soon as they can about money and how to be use it wisely, if they get in trouble it is usually only for what many businesses would consider to be, small amounts and they can learn how to get out of it and what not to do next time. In other words, they can learn and make their mistakes cheaply instead of losing everything at some later stage in their lives. Money just doesn't just disappear. It merely changes hands or location and is still freely available at those locations. Students would also become a bit more financially independent, learns some basic household budgeting and it would also make them more attractive to potential employers once they graduate. There is nothing worse than sitting in a job interview and when asked what work experience do they have, and have to stare blankly and say that they have none. Any experience through part-time work would sound a lot better to interviewers than nothing.

﻿I agree and think that it would do college students a tremendous amount of good if they did, even though they might not truly want to work. They need to get work experience anyway which in turn makes them more employable and they also get a new range of practical skill sets that they can adapt to their college tasks and put them to use immediately. When I was in college and working, my organizational and creative skills improved dramatically after only a few weeks working and I was easily able to transfer these to my college work and I still use those same skills today. I am also a little old fashioned in that I believe we have to earn things in life without relying on charity or people just giving us what we want. We have more respect for ourselves, more confidence and in my case I become far more self-reliant than I have ever was previously. I was better prepared to enter the workplace and knew that I could make a difference and provide real service to my company. Sometimes we become more successful by doing the things that others won't do and I learned that in my first part-time job.

﻿I don't agree because firstly, there are way too many smokers' opinions in Japan for the Japanese Government to just override and secondly, it really should be up to each restaurant and each person to decide for themselves without Government interference. If I owned a restaurant and I was complying with the standard food and beverage laws, why should the government Japanese or otherwise, come in and tell me how to run my business. What would be next on the agenda, banning karaoke or non-bottled water, only allowing customers in who are wearing pink shoes? A restaurant is usually a private concern and should be left that way if they meet the standard health regulations related to food and drink that I mentioned. The moment that governments start to over-regulate is usually when the problem/s get worse. Apart from kids, adults should be allowed to make their own choices about where they want to eat and the restaurants have the right to allow or disallow smoking on their own premises. That's just a part of fair trade in my view and consumers have the right to let their wallets do their talking by not going to smoking or non-smoking venues/restaurants as they see fit.

﻿I don't think that it was important but I do think that it is important and necessary for all students to do so now, considering the financial mess that we are in. Thanks to the global recession, are lot of people around the world are in serious financial difficulty. In light of this fact, I think that it is necessary for students to get a part-time job so that they may contribute to the economy in some small way. Many students have to work anyway, because their financial situation dictates that they do so. For others, they may not need to work but by doing so, they can also assist with the global economic recovery in a meaningful way and that is of course, by earning and spending cash. We can all play our part in the financial recovery process and the students can also play their roles in the process too. It is necessary and I believe that it will help all of us and not just the college students in that we won't feel like there is nothing that we can do except sit around in some kind of helpless mode waiting for things to get better. The situation won't improve unless we, all of us do something to improve it without just relying on governments to get us out the mess we find ourselves in.

﻿In my opinion, it is very important for students to have a part-time job. University should not just be about book-learning, it should be used as an opportunity to expand horizons and gain real world experience. A part-time job is the perfect opportunity for this. A part-time job teaches responsibility as students have to learn to be punctual and to follow their bosses instructions. A part-time job acts as a great bridge between the'safe and comforting' environment of university and the'harsh reality' of the workplace. Without the experience of a part-time job in university, students who enter the workplace are likely to find it much more difficult to adjust to the very different demands expected of them at work. A part-time job is also a great way to gain independence. With the money from a part-time job, students no longer have to rely on'handouts' from their parents or others. Instead they can become independent and more prepared for the challenges of life beyond university. However, above all, a part-time job looks great on a resume, which is very important in an increasingly competitive job market. A part-time job is a great edge over other students who do not have this experience. It immediately demonstrates to a potential employer that the job candidate is responsible and a hard worker and will be more prepared than most for life at the company. So a part-time job at university is not just a way to make a bit of extra pocket money, but a way to secure a great career and a great future. This is an opportunity which should not be passed up.

﻿Even though smoking has been a historical part of many cultures worldwide for many years, it is time for change. Long gone are the days when smoking should be seen as fashionable or cute because it no longer is, if it ever was at all. The medical evidence that has been gathered over the years has shown clearly that there is nothing cute about dying from smoking and I have never seen anyone with emphysema who looked fashionable to me. The jury has long been in on this one folks, it's time to cease and desist. There is nothing good that can be said about smoking at all, but we hear an awful lot of bad stuff. I am sure that if many of us were to think long and hard, we might recall somebody that we knew who had cancer, heart stroke or some other disease which they contracted from smoking and I don't believe that if we picture that person before their death or illness, that we would say that they looked fashionable or cute either. The tobacco companies continue to get richer while the people continue to get sicker. Time for a change and the time is now.

﻿I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in Japan. The trend in North America and Europe is to make every dining establishment strictly smoke-free; however, Japan should not cave in to international pressure. Smokers and non-smokers can enjoy their meals in restaurants by going to their designated seating areas (smoking & non-smoking respectively). Of course, entire establishment may allow smoking and others may be completely non-smoking. Because each restaurant maintains its own policy regarding smoking, customers can choose whether to enter or not in accordance with their preferences. Restaurants should be allowed to compete in the marketplace by adjusting their smoking policy to maximize profits while consumers should have a variety of smoking policies to choose from (e. g. completely non-smoking, smoke-friendly, smoking & non-smoking sections on same floor, smoking and non-smoking sections on separate floors, smoking allowed after 8pm, etc. ). In any case, there was a price hike for cigarettes effective as of October 1, 2010. This will probably contribute less smoking in restaurants without having to enforce a complete smoking ban across the board. Perhaps in a few years, Japan can revisit the issue of completely smoke-free restaurants, but for the time being, the country should let the price hike run its course and see the affect it is on the smoking landscape.

﻿I agree. These types of bans have already been introduced in many countries and quite a lot of them in the USA have included restaurants. Everybody knows that anybody that smokes is taking a significant risk, what is still being debated though are the affects of second-hand smoking which is more popularly referred to as passive smoking. In theory, the arguments should e the same as those that apply to direct smoking. There is a lot of convincing research that shows that second hand smoke is just as deadly and this has been tested and upheld in several court cases. We do know that cigarettes contain chemicals that are toxic and not natural for human consumption. Based on this fact alone, it says a lot about the deadly effect of smoking whether you're a smoker or a naive non-smoker. These chemicals are deadly and harmful to all who inhale them. If a smoker makes a choice to smoke then they should be willing to accept the consequences of their actions. If these consequences also include restrictions, bans or isolation, then that is the price that smokers have to pay for the privilege of smoking. Non-smokers though, don't always get to choose when they are not aware, until the last second that they have just smelled/inhaled smoke.

﻿I personally agree and find it distasteful to tolerate smoke when I am dining out and I am also fully conversant with the medical implications of all forms of smoking and all of the pros and cons. However on the surface, it would appear to be detrimental financially. The figures don't lie and there is bound to be some initial financial impact. Japan may appear to be better off by continuing to allow smoking in restaurants however, as I will point out later, this is not in fact the case at all. With Japan being one of the world's leading smoking nations, a ban would most definitely impact the economy and also restaurant profits. While studies have shown that initially, numbers increased when bans were introduced, over a longer period of time, there was an overall decrease in net profit right across the board. Be that as it may though and personal opinions and tastes aside, if Japan were to conduct a comprehensive analysis of the economy, they would discover that with the rising costs of health care and insurance, the cost of not banning smoking in both human value and financial value, would be far greater than not banning smoking.

﻿I couldn't agree less because it is none of the government's business. If restaurants are running their businesses correctly as stipulated by law then that's as far as the government's involvement needs to go. It's a matter for restaurants and their client base or the market if you like to call it that to decide. We don't need to call the government every time that we want to change the curtains or a CD and the restaurants and the people should be allowed to make their own decisions and run their own lives without too much government interference. The restaurants will either allow smoking or they won't and from that point onwards, it's up to the consumers to decide what they want to do. Some restaurants have already banned smoking in Japan anyway and that's OK if they're happy and their customers are happy then it is necessary for the government to stick their nose in. On the flip side though, if restaurants allow smoking and consumers are happy again it's been resolved without the government. Business owners and consumers are not all idiots or children and should be free to make their own legal choices about what suits them without having the government babysit every five minutes.

﻿I agree and would give my support to a ban like this and not just in Japan. Everybody in the world must know by now, about the dangers of smoking for anyone that smokes and also to passive smokers. I am mildly surprised that Japan has taken it's time when considering this or should I say implementing it. I know that there are a few places in Japan where smoking is prohibited but that on its own is not enough. Food is prepared in restaurants and children go to family restaurants, so why doesn't whatever health authority or laws related to health and the food industry in Japan cover smoking in restaurants already. Cigarettes contain dangerous chemicals and toxins that kill and should not be allowed to just float through the air and settle on food or be inhaled by diners in any restaurant or food mall or let's take it a step further, in any public place. There are beaches in parts of the USA where smoking is prohibited so, why not restaurants in Japan. Time to wake up and remember that all of the deaths caused by smoking are preventable so, how about preventing them legally? Like say, now?

﻿I agree that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan. It seems like a drastic measure, but I base my statement on the reasons I set out below. The first is that there are too many inconsiderate smokers in Japan. Just because a restaurant has no ban on smoking, it should not mean that smokers should disregard those around them. I have been in restaurants where people on the table next to me light up after each course that they finish. They may have a right to smoke, but I also have a right to enjoy my meal and actually taste it. Which brings me to my second reason: no self-respecting chef should allow their culinary creations to be ruined by cigarette smoke. Most sushi restaurants do not allow smoking (or it is an unwritten rule). Perhaps this can be extended to encompass all restaurants that want their customers to enjoy the food as it should be tasted. The final reason why I think smoking should be banned is that the attempts to separate smokers and non-smokers in restaurants in Japan are completely useless. There may be some low wall or an exhaust fan, but these do not constitute a truly separated dining environment. It is unfortunate that we need to talk about banning things that should really be self-regulating, things that should be controlled by a feeling of decency and respect towards our fellow citizens (and diners). Regrettably, however, relying on the common sense and decency of many (not all) smokers to not light up in restaurants is not enough. As a final note, I am ambivalent towards smoking in bars. We usually go to restaurants for the food; we go to bars, however, for the atmosphere. I am in two minds about banning smoking from bars!

﻿Yes, I do think that it is a good idea for students to get jobs. Apart from teaching them some basic work skills and practices it also gives them that much needed experience which employers like to see. I think that if they have had everything paid for all their lives, than this is a chance to learn that not everything is free and they have to learn to be responsible and not wait around for charity, gifts or their parents to hand hold them through college. Other students simply need to get a job because without one, they won't get through college which is perfectly understandable. I still think that getting a part-time job is good for all students because it is a brief introduction of what full-time work requires and it also may inspire them to strive for a better position if they are not happy with the part-time jobs that they took while attending college. For example, if one student worked as dishwasher and found the work to be distasteful, this may inspire that student to do better or aim higher in their career goals so that they never have to take that kind of job again in the future.

﻿Since I have spent a lot of time working in pubs, which also serve food, I would have to agree. Before they introduced a lot of the bans throughout the UK, working in the pubs if you were a non-smoker, was pretty disgusting and you would go home smelling like a fireplace every night. A lot of the old guys or older smokers found it hard at first, but then they saw everybody else going outside so they eventually just went outside too doing a lot of complaining mind you, but they got used to it pretty quick. We know a lot about the toxins that are smokes these days and I think everybody around the world pretty well understands that fags will kill you in the end or those you love. A lot of the pubs are pretty small in the UK so that made the stink of the smoke even worse. Since coming to Japan, I see nearly the same thing as far as space goes, small spaces many smokers. The thing is though, is that it might be one thing to smoke in a bar or pug, but I think that it's a bit much when everybody is smoking throughout the local family restaurant because there is also a lot of young kids there who don't have much say in what happens to them. So I absolutely agree with a restaurant ban although I am still a bit new to the Japan scene, I think that it is in everybody's best interests, at least for their health.

﻿In the case of junior high school and high school students, it is perhaps a good idea for them to work part-time, in order to gain some practical appreciation of the difficulty of earning a living. Young people who have never worked at all, but have simply been given whatever they wanted, tend to be rather spoilt, and to seem unaware of how hard one has to work to be able to buy things. In the case of college students, on the other hand, it is probable that they already have some work experience, and, if they have no financial need to work, because they receive sufficient money from their parents or from a state scholarship, I do not think it is important for them to work part-time. On the contrary, part-time work takes up time that would be better invested in their studies. Of course, if college students do not have enough money to live on, it is essential, rather than "important", for them to earn money. However, in that case, it is wise for them to take the best-paid jobs they can get, and typical part-time student jobs, such as working in shops, bars or restaurants, tend to be poorly paid, and it would therefore be better for them to take temporary jobs, in construction work, for example, during the college vacation.

﻿I disagree because I believe that smoking should not be banned in restaurants. In the ideal world, restaurants and customers would dictate the restaurant policy and customers would choose their preferred restaurants accordingly. The patrons would decide, without any assistance from the Japanese government, whether they wish to spend their time in smoke-filled restaurants or to even sit in a non-smoking area if they choose. I don't believe that governments should be controlling restaurant owners in so far as telling them what their own patrons can and cannot do. I just do not feel that is right and is stepping outside the boundaries of government. I understand that one of the jobs of government is to protect citizen's general well being, but some research has shown that the affects of passive smoking have yet to be agreed upon by the medical authorities and therefore, claims that suggest that passive smoking kills everybody may or may not be true. Until the government knows for certain that this is so, then they need to demonstrate some restraint before making hasty decisions. Even then, I still do not believe that they should interfere in this particular issue and should leave it to the public to resolve.

﻿I really think that it should. I have been to a few restaurants in Japan and in one of them the smoking area was directly across from me with no glass, walls or any kind of partition and the smoke was thick and everywhere. People need to think of their health and their families' health more too. I don't think that the restaurant owners care because they will just think of where most of the money is coming from first. Not sure how the system works in Japan, but if I were the government, I would just issue a ban overnight because it's their job to protect the people. I know there are a lot of smokers in Japan and one of my smoking friends even joked to me that Japan was one of the cheapest places in the world to get cancer and become and alcoholic. I don't know that I would want to do that but I think that the government should go ahead and ban it. Everybody knows that smoking kills lots of people every year and I think that government do not need debates about that. They have all the proof that they need to go ahead and just do it without having to drag out some long legal process about it.

﻿Having been employed with a part-time job myself while at college, I truly believe that it is an awesome idea for students to have part-time jobs before they graduate from college, if they have the time to do so. Students who learn responsibility, have nothing to lose and everything to gain by having a job. I know that a student who can keep a part-time job while studying, will gain excellent first-hand experience that cannot always be gained form a college campus. These days, if you are looking for part-time jobs online, you will find many of them are targeting students, partly because the positions are part-time only and partly because students provide cheap labour. The employer wins and the student wins too. Usually, students with experience on their resume are more readily employable because they can show that they have already proven that they can handle a job while balancing college as well. If students are finding it difficult to get a paying job that fits in with their schedule, then they might consider doing volunteer work. There is always plenty of that going around and future employers will still take that into consideration when reviewing job resumes and keep the student in mind.

﻿There is some debate about whether college students should juggle part-time work with their studies. Some would assert that anything less than a 100% focus on one's university studies will decrease learning efficiency and hamper one's ability to be effective in their jobs following graduation. Yet it could be argued that having the experience of working in the "real world" early on might help a student decide on the field of study that is right for them. An engineering student might, for example, find that he really enjoys the sales work he does at the local department store, prompting him to change his major to one more closely connected with business. Or a coffee-shop worker may decide that working with people face to face is much less interesting than ensuring the cafe's internet system is working properly. These experiences are critical for the young individual who will need as many life experiences as possible to decide what career choice will provide them the best fit for their talents and interests. Students who choose to work while they study might also learn to appreciate more fully any financial compensation they may receive from their parents or guardians. Understanding that money is essentially the product of time and energy spent on a given task might make students more carefully consider the decisions they make when it comes to spending any money given them. Indeed, more than any real financial benefit a student might gain from part-time work, a part-time job might give students experience and help them start networks that will benefit them not only while they are in college but in the larger world that awaits them after graduation.

﻿Most reasonable people would agree just as I do. I know that any non-smoker who has ever been in a restaurant, enjoying their meal when suddenly, just as they were about to eat a mouthful of food, got a face full of smoke instead, would also agree. This is one of the most common complaints received by restaurant owners from their non-smoking patrons. Yes, we all know about individual rights to smoke and not smoke, at least as consenting adults anyway. How about the rights of others though, like say, thousands of non-smokers who like to dine out? While I have never heard of anybody dying because of not smoking, I have most certainly heard of many deaths and illnesses related to smoking. In itself, that should be enough reason for Japan to ban smoking in restaurants and all public places without argument or debate. Yes, we know that Japan has a nation full of chain smokers and so I say, so what? If smokers can't take care of themselves then the least the Japanese Government can do or for that matter, any government is to minimize the danger to others. Stand up and be counted and lead the way, regardless of how high the vote count is for smokers and against non-smokers or vice versa. Do it for the good of the people or for one of the very reasons that all taxpayers pay governments for and that is to protect the citizens.

﻿Smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants because smoking indoors affects everyone inside the building, both smokers and non-smokers. Dividing dining rooms into smoking and non-smoking areas does not provide a true shelter from the smoke for non-smokers, nor does designating times when smoking is not allowed, but allowing smoking during other times. The smoke lingers in the air throughout the restaurant and creates an unpleasant odor that certainly affects the customers' dining experience. Restaurateurs should be concerned about this because fragrance is a large part of enjoying food, and having cigarette smoke mixed into the air will have negative effects on non-smokers, who did nothing to add that smoke to the atmosphere in the restaurant. Non-smokers who do not want to be around smoke while they are eating will find a different place to eat given the choice, or may even decline invitations to restaurants where smoking is allowed, which represents a loss of business for restaurateurs. A physical disadvantage to allowing smoking inside of a restaurant is that wallpaper yellows and needs to be replaced more often due to exposure to smoke over time. Add to that the possible loss of business due to non-smokers choosing other restaurants, and it starts to make financial sense to ban smoking inside restaurants. Japan features some restaurants with smoking areas or rooms fully enclosed by walls or glass with special fans sucking the smoky air out of the room, and these seem to work well toward keeping smoke away from the rest of the restaurant. If installing these smoking rooms is cost-effective, there could be a way to allow smoking inside of restaurants, but it may be the only way if non-smokers exercise their right to decide and take their business elsewhere.

﻿I agree that this is what needs to be done. This is not a case of civil rights, smokers' rights or non-smoker's rights. It is a case of every ones right to life and to live and work in areas that are as conducive to their well being as possible. Having smoke in restaurants, public places or in the workplace, is not conducive to people's well being, not even the smokers. Smoking related illnesses and deaths are completely preventable and this is an irrefutably supported fact that thousands of doctors can attest to. Nobody that I know of, is trying to stick it to smokers, they are just trying to prolong their lives by cleaning up their immediate environments wherever they may be. I believe that most sensible smokers would understand this and would be happy to oblige. I trust that there are a large number of sensible people in Japan who would also see this for what it is and that is that it's not a smokers' vendetta, just a long overdue clean up that need s to take place now without the need for any more bickering or political manoeuvring. This is not a game or an election and it should be given high priority because these deaths are preventable and there is no law that states that people should die needlessly that I am aware of.

﻿University in many countries is considered a place to unwind. It represents the time between legal adulthood and the beginning of a long working life, full of stress and difficulty. Therefore, what better time to cut loose than college, where all that matters is going to lectures and occasionally taking tests or writing papers? Why else would respectable establishments such as the Princeton Review publish lists of the top party schools in the United States? The logic behind these questions lead directly to the conclusion that it is nearly imperative that college students hold a part-time job for at least six months of college, if not for its entirety. Much as university admission officers evaluate extracurricular activities as an important part of a prospective student's application, HR personnel also evaluate job applicants based on their drive and commitment outside of the lecture hall. Working a part-time job consistently through college gives an applicant a measured edge over others without such experience who may well have spent their time drinking and partying instead of being productive. Having a part-time job also teaches time management skills and gives a student more room to breathe financially. This kind of responsibility developed over time makes for a happy hiring official. It is important to note however that there are other ways of impressing HR personnel, including internships, leadership in university organizations, and volunteer work. However, a part-time job builds both your resume and your income, and should be considered an essential part of a university education.

﻿I agree. College students should make a point of securing at least one part-time job before graduation. The job-market is so cutthroat and students need to be aware of this fact. It's a dog eat dog world when it comes to scoring a job these days and having at least one example of work experience, could mean the difference between getting a job or missing out, because it really does get that close sometimes. Having worked in a part-time job while at college makes a statement to employers. It tells them that for whatever motivation a student may have had for getting a part-time job, that the student was serious, clearly must have learned some kind of work ethic, and took on added responsibility. Employers will also know that by increasing their workload, the student must also possess some basic organizational skills as well. These may seem like trivial points but to an employer, more often than not, it is the little things that make or break the deal or cause system failures. It is the little things that add up, just as there many spokes in the standard bicycle wheel, so too there are many synergistic components that make up the whole of the business world.

﻿The past several years has seen an ever-increasing number of college students take on part-time jobs. Some people argue that having jobs would take up too much of the students' time and therefore, impact negatively on the students' studies. As far as I can see, this argument is not really valid. Because many, many students all over the world, have taken jobs on and have still managed to graduate successfully. Yes, there is always a risk that students may fall behind. However, for students who are proactive in their job-hunting efforts, it is advisable for them to take part-time jobs or internships. Firstly, they will be gaining real business experience which is an added plus when students search for jobs after graduation and it is one of the reasons why I believe that part-time jobs are important. These days, any experience may just be the most critical criteria that lands the job when employers view applicant's resumes. Some studies have shown that around eighty percent of employers will look for job experience first, before checking academic results. Now there are people who may argue that this is unfair to students who have studied hard and gained excellent results but they lack work experience. The only answer to those arguments is that, this is the way the marketplace operates and it really comes down to survival of the fittest.

﻿Well they have a lot of bans in the USA about smoking now so I don't see why Japan shouldn't do the same. I mean smoking is a real 'drag' anyway and I am sure that I am not going to throw my dollars away on something that is going to kill me. Not much point in doing that now and I would rather spend it on my music anyway. Most of my buddies think the same as I do. And even though my dad still smokes, he is always telling me to don't start smoking and I wonder why he just doesn't stop. I guess that it is pretty hard to do from what I hear. I think that the bans are a good thing and that they might help people like my dad cut down at least, as well as make the restaurants and clubs smell a bit fresher. I am not too sure where else the people can go to in Japan to smoke aside from those smelly glass rooms that smell like giant ashtrays. I think that they maybe should think about giving the smokers a better smoking room so they don't have to stay outside in the rain or snow like they do here.

﻿I agree, providing that the students have good study/work balancing skills. If they don't, than the students may become even more stressed about trying to juggle and balance their time in between studying, work and of course, spending time with their friends. If they can come to grips with this, then I think that it would be good for them to have a part-time job because of the important benefits to be had. Whether that is extra cash for fun, easing their financial burden or just the all important work experience which will give them a head start in the job hunting stakes, either way it's a good thing and can only help. If however, they struggle with time management, are easily stressed by what seems to be too many commitments or it just starts to get too much for them, then I seriously recommend that they let go of the job and stay on track with their studies. There are many that perform this balancing act between work, study and still having leisure time quite easily. I think that it really is a case by case situation that each individual needs to explore for themselves and what works best for them.

﻿For a great variety of reasons, it is very important for college students to hold a part-time job while they complete their degrees. First, a part-time job can teach them how to be responsible, and they can also learn to work is just one small piece of a larger organization. Too many American youths do not seem to have any sense of punctuality and seem to come and go as they please. This is not such a big deal in high school or in their private lives, but when it comes time to find a fulltime job after graduation, it is very important to be punctual and be on time especially in meetings and other situations where other people are depending upon you to be there. Next, it has become apparent to me since my daughter was born that young kids and especially teenagers do not really understand the value of money or the meaning of a hard day of work. When they want something, they simply ask their parents for money, and most parents do not know how to say no. This leads to spoiled kids who will have a very difficult time adapting to the business world. Therefore, for these reasons and many more, having a part-time job can provide many benefits to the average college student.

﻿I agree. Having a part-time job is an important experience for college students which will give them valuable skills and help prepare them for entering the workforce after graduation. First, students seeking part-time employment will get acquainted with the process of gaining employment: finding job openings, filling out a job application, and interviewing. Looking for work usually involves searching online, scanning classified ads in a newspaper, asking friends and relatives, or visiting businesses directly and asking if they are hiring. If the student is interested, he or she needs to fill out a job application and arrange an interview. Interviewing for a job is an important skill as it's a necessary step for every job they will apply for later in their lives. At the job interview the applicant should try to make a good impression. He or she needs to look professional, be courteous, and answer questions in a thoughtful and positive manner. Second, if students are hired they will need to deal with the responsibilities (and stress) that goes along with a job: learning new skills, performing job duties, getting along with their boss and co-workers, interacting with customers, and coordinating their work and study schedules. Juggling part-time work and school can also teach students valuable time management skills. Lastly, students can acquire job skills and earn money. Most jobs will involve the chance to get some training and learn some news skills, whether it's waiting on customers at a restaurant, handling money as a cashier, or selling shoes in a department store. Any money earned can be used towards paying rent, bills, tuition, or for savings. In conclusion, it's clear that college students with part-time jobs learn important skills and will be better prepared for the job market after graduation.

﻿I am not trying to forbid smokers from smoking anywhere. I just agree that there should be limits to where they can smoke so that it doesn't affect the health of others. It has been proven that passive smokers, breathing in the smoke exhaled by smokers, are then put in the same danger that smokers are health wise. Smoking in Japan's public places is really becoming a serious issue and needs to be dealt with swiftly. Everybody has the right to live in a healthy manner and though smokers have the right to smoke, that doesn't mean that they should be allowed to put others in danger. This is exactly what they do when they walk down the street smoking and the people walking behind them end up inhaling the smoke as well and it is the same in Japanese restaurants where the division of smoking and non-smoking sections is an absolute joke and totally meaningless as well as completely ineffective. I think that if there were a lot more smoking related lawsuits against restaurant owners, we would see some changes quick smart. Until that happens, it is up to Japan's government to do something meaningful to minimize the danger.

﻿The sooner that students get a handle on what the real world of working is all about, the better. Quite often, we find that many students who apply for positions at our company, are either ill prepared or their expectation levels of what they think work will be like are totally unrealistic. Personally, I feel that many colleges are out of touch with current workplace practises and dynamics and are not sufficiently preparing students for what awaits them in the workforce. From what I've seen, students would do well to gain some real world experience before graduating, irrespective of what kind of job they may find themselves in. They would have a far greater understanding of what is expected and required when working for a boss and it makes no difference whether they get this understanding by working in a bar, fast food joint or the local car wash. Just so long as they get it, understand it and apply it. At least they wouldn't get the shock of their lives when informed that they are expected to arrive at work on time, go the extra mile for free and generally provide value to the company that is considering hiring them.

